And he said, "I'm gonna play a tone
and I want you to mentally hum that
tone." And he said that you will
eventually feel a connection. The line
will change.
>> When I saw the sine wave move,
I went, "Oh, okay. Well, there's a
mental disconnect there that that's not
supposed to be happening. That this is
not this is not possible.
Our guest today is an Air Force sergeant
who worked at the highest levels on
classified projects in electronics and
signals intelligence for the United
States government. We have thorough
documentation of his military records.
His service is not something you can
really argue with, nor is his mental
health. This is the most nonchalant
conversation I've ever had about alien
telepathic communication. [laughter]
In this exclusive long- form interview,
retired [music] technical sergeant Dan
Sherman claims that while serving in the
Air Force in the early 90s, [music] he
was recruited for an extremely
classified program at the NSA or
National Security Agency.
This program was called Project Preserve
Destiny. Project Preserve Destiny's
purpose [music] to telepathically decode
alien signals for the NSA.
You heard me right. Alien signals that
seem to telepathically transmit
descriptions of alien abductions across
the United States. Alien signals that
ultimately gave our very curious guest
answers about the very nature of the
alien presence on Earth. How these
beings travel, how they conceive of
time, [music] what they think about
humans, and much, much more.
Dan Sherman was originally told by the
Air Force captain who read him into the
program that he was given this
telepathic ability by the aliens
themselves when they abducted Sherman's
pregnant mother in the early 1960s and
altered his genetics while he was a
fetus in her womb. This genetic [music]
blueprint would allow him to grow into
what the NSA would dub an intuitive
communicator.
With the IC communication, you can feel
it in your brain. You can feel now you
can't you can't localize it. It's not a
localization, but I can feel like it's
in that area of my brain right there.
And
>> Sherman believes the NSA may even have
tracked him since childhood [music] into
his young adulthood and military service
until he was finally read into the
program.
>> Do you think that the NSA or Powers that
be know that this interview is
happening?
Because of the extremely sensitive
nature of this NSA program and its ties
to black programs, Dan tries to abstain
mentioning which bases this Project
Preserve Destiny [music] was conducted
at. But my researchers and I were able
to locate one of these bases. And I
bring it up at the end of this
interview, catching Sherman a bit
offguard. Not only that, but at the end
of this video, we explore an independent
researcher's use of the Freedom of
Information Act to learn more about
Project Preserve Destiny. He sent a
request to the government to see all of
the files on it. As you'll see, both the
Air Force and NSA's responses to his
request are fairly telling.
The point is, the skeptics can have at
it, but this case isn't going away. It's
very hard to dismiss. I'd argue that Dan
Sherman's story is one of the most
important UFO legacy program related
accounts we have to contend with. So sit
back, relax, and prepare to have your
worldview crumble with this week's very
courageous American alchemist, retired
sergeant, intuitive alien communicator,
and UFO whistleblower, Dan Sherman.
Dan Sherman, thank you so much for being
here. This for me is a dream come true
and has been a long time coming. Uh I've
read your incredible book Above Black
and it documents uh an experience that
to me is so fascinating. It's kind of in
some ways high strangeness. It doesn't
comport with a lot of the other stories.
And so that to me that's uh that is like
the perfect combo of like what I want to
investigate because you seem like a
really cool lucid guy and then you're
talking about being an intuitive
communicator, you know, downloading
signals uh from aliens for the NSA.
>> Yeah.
>> Which is pretty amazing.
>> It is. Uh and downloading is an
interesting uh description, but uh it
definitely was. you couldn't see it, so
it looked like it was downloading
>> or decryting or I don't know. Yeah,
>> receiving. I I I'd like to say
receiving, but
>> receiving. Yeah. Okay. Why do you like
to say that?
>> Well, downloading kind of uh um denotes
some sort of machine or you know, we we
associate downloading with uh bits and
and data and it wasn't like that. It was
just a thought. It was a thought that
came. So I I just trying to keep it
organic as opposed to machine related.
And I know we got you know in the book I
talk about machines and and how I
interface with the computer and all
that. So there is a machine component in
my training but after that it wasn't
really much of a machine. So
>> right well why don't we take things back
to your to your childhood. Uh where'd
you grow up?
>> Um grew up in a lot of places. Uh
between kindergarten and 12th grade I I
went to 27 schools. So
>> 27 schools.
>> Yeah.
>> What was the reason for that?
>> We just moved a lot. My my dad was a
welder and we were very very poor and um
just you know went with the wind and and
of course I had step parents and I went
to live with my grandma and my aunt and
you know there was a lot of broken home
type situation too. So it was going from
one place to another all the time.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> But there was no sort of military brat
dynamic. Your dad was just a welder.
>> Yeah. No, there was no military
component.
>> Interesting. And you just even being
here today is sort of unlikely, right?
Because your your mother was having
trouble giving birth for a long time and
you were kind of
>> an anomaly.
>> Yeah. The doctors uh she had a an
accident when she was like 10 or 11. She
fell off the tailgate of a a pickup
truck and her special organs were messed
up and the doctors basically said she'd
never carry a baby to term. And um and
she had many miscarriages, but I was the
only one that I like to say I was the
only miscarriage that came [laughter]
that was uh that lived. Anyway, so it it
was definitely an interesting
>> um correlation, I guess, to the to the
story after I found out about, you know,
what I found out about kind of
correlated was like, well, maybe there
was some protective angels there
somehow. So,
>> yeah. Well, everybody listening now
should put a pin in what you just said
because
>> we can't get ahead of ourselves, right?
>> We can't. But there are some very
interesting details to come about your
mother. So, what made you want to become
um Air Force electronics intelligence? I
we managed some horse stables in Iba
City, California. And uh we had a a
person who um boarded their horse there
and he was a major in the Air Force and
he was a SR71 pilot. And of course that
fascinated me. Here I am a fourth
grader, you know, being able to
interface with somebody who's been on
the news that met President Carter, you
know, that he was like a hero to me. and
um and we would talk he I remember
conversations with him when we were
watching his daughter uh ride the horse
that they were boarding. Um he would
tell me about flying in the Air Force
and as a kid, you know, you get enamored
with stuff like that and it it stuck
with me and and so I definitely wanted
to and I was very patriotic as well. So
I I really wanted to do something in
that realm which is serving. So it kind
of came all together when I was in high
school. And
>> were you interested in tech or
electronics or signals or anything like
that?
>> I was always interested in in
technology. And of course, you know, in
when I met him, um, technology was a
color TV. You know, there there wasn't
really any technology per se, just
science fiction and that Star Trek and,
you know, all that stuff. Um, so I was
definitely interested in that, but as
time went on, yes, I became more and
more interested when tech became more
advanced and I definitely a techie.
Definitely.
>> Mhm. Okay. So, how long did you serve?
Just generically as
>> 12 years. Okay.
>> 12 years. I was in the Air Force for 12
years.
>> Okay. And where were you stationed? I
>> I was stationed in Korea, Italy, um,
Colorado, North Dakota,
uh, Nebraska,
and Texas for a while. And I went TDY of
course temporary duty for my schooling
at Fort Ne uh with at the NSA
headquarters and um Philippines and uh
Japan. So I I went a lot of places. To
the crazy skeptics out there, would you
be able to produce like a DD214 or like
your service record?
>> Yeah, I I can't.
>> The the main point of asking about the
DD214 thing is to the super skeptic
that's out there. Oh, yeah. You have a
service record and there's really no way
to deny that you were Air Force
electronics intelligence at the very
least.
>> Yeah.
>> And so you get called to go to a school
for electronics intelligence like for
like upgrading your skill set or
something.
>> Well, when I went into the military, I
went in as a security uh security
policeman. I was just a police and and
um at the time that I was taking the
tests for the uh to get in, you know,
the ASVAD tests and the things that they
they um test you on to get you into the
military and to also place you. They
said that I qualified for for every
every job in the Air Force, but I'd have
to wait x amount of time if I wanted x
job. And I didn't want to wait. I was
18. I was out of the military or out of
the uh out of school and graduated and I
just wanted to go. So I said just get me
in any any career field that you you
have available right now. So that was
it. So I went in and um and then after
about five four or five years I applied
for a cross trainin and that's when I
was crossrained into elint.
>> Okay.
>> So
>> can you say where you were based when
you applied for the cross training?
>> Yeah. um Montana. I was in Montana and
my first base as an eler was in off at
Air Force Base in Omaha.
>> Okay, got it. And so what as just for
the audience basic context, what are you
doing as an elen air force officer?
>> Um we had different collection
platforms. You have satellite, you have
um aircraft, you you have um even
vehicles. We have collectors that
collect enemy information. They collect
the radio transmissions of of um border
areas or even over a country and we
collect that electronic emissions and
then we as the e- lenders we uh analyze
all that electronic communications and
what type of uh electronic um emission
it is whether radar or comms or um even
lasers and any type of emission that
comes from a country we kind delineate
and parse out what it is and then we
look at it for intelligence value and
then if it does have like let's say it's
a TV station well we know that and so
that's not intelligence value although
it could be intelligence value for other
intelligence uh fields but not us and so
we look at the stuff that has to do with
radars and and um military assets that
are going to sense us as their enemy
We need to build jamming packages that
allow us to
>> completely
>> control the airspace. And we didn't
build the jamming packages, but we gave
them the parameters by which they they
looked at it. The jam jamming people
looked at it and they built their
packages based on what we gave them.
>> Gotcha. And so what happens? You're
you're based at off it and you're told
that you should go to some schooling.
Well, I went to school initially for the
career field in in um San Angelo, Texas.
>> And then um I became certified, you
know, and and became an eler and then
that's when I went to Offet. Well, I
went to Offet before, but then um just
for a little bit, but then I went to
school and then back to Offit. And um I
was put up for going to a continuation
course, which is called EA280. you know,
you become qualified and then you got to
do continuation courses to get you
better qualified. And that was what EA2
280 was. And that's what sent me to the
NSA complex.
>> And then when I got to got there, they
sprung this other thing on me and said,
"You're going to be going to another
school while you're here." And I was
like, "Oh."
>> So describe exactly what happened. So
you go to the NSA complex is in
Maryland. Is that right?
>> Yeah. It's in Laurel, Maryland. And
there's a big huge
sprawling building there. Now, make sure
everybody understands this is 30 some
years ago. Now, since then, maybe
they've changed things. I don't know.
You know, I'm not up on the locations,
but we're talking circa 1990s. Okay. At
that time, there's a big huge black
black building, glass building. It's
called the um I think they called it the
black box even, but um it's the NSA
headquarters building in Laurel. And um
that's where I went to get my security
cl. Well, actually, back up. Um we went
to a hotel and
here's an interesting little thing. Have
has nothing to do with PPDB, PPD, but um
this is a multi-service school. So they
have Marines, they have Navy, Air Force,
and um and Army. And so all four
services are going in in the same class.
And so you have people coming from
different bases, army bases, navy bases.
And um this is the difference between
the Air Force and everybody else. The
Air Force put up put us up on the two
Air Force guys that were there. We got
put up in Holiday in and all the other
services had to stay in dorms and and it
was a contention. believe me [laughter]
when the other services are what you're
you're saying at what [laughter] holiday
in like well you should have went in the
air force dude. Um so anyway we stayed
at the holiday end and then I got a call
um a random call after I got there from
the captain um and um he said he needed
to meet with me. So he told me where to
go at the NSA complex. I never really
had a need to go to the NSA complex
myself. Yeah.
>> Um until he told me that that was what I
had to do cuz cuz the there's other
buildings and AL buildings and all kinds
of stuff in that area of Maryland that
that NSA controls and so you can just go
to wherever that is for yours.
>> So you think you're here just for Air
Force continuing education, but you're
told that you have to go to the NSA
complex and just again for the audience
basic context, what is the NSA?
uh National Security Agency. Um it it
just it's basically in charge of all of
the intelligence that that America does.
>> All signals intelligence
known as no such agency.
>> Yeah. Yeah. That's one of the jokes they
say.
>> Why why do you think it um is so much
it's it's sort of less wellknown than
like the CIA is like the proverbial, you
know, archetypal intelligence agency.
Yeah.
>> And then the NSA, you know, it's known
as no such agency. It's like, you know,
you hear rumors of like mathematicians
in Virginia or whatever, but you don't
really know what's going on there.
>> Cryptographers, you know, the CIA is is
a human asset and they use they're
they're they're very uh closely
intertwined with the NSA because they
use NSA assets and NSA uses CI CIA's
assets, too. So, it is it there's a
there's a synergy there. Um, but the CIA
is the the the face of collecting
information from other countries,
>> foreign intelligence. That's that's the
kind of the face of it, but the
underlying base of it is NSA.
>> Okay. So, you're here for Air Force.
You're in Maryland for Air Force
continuing education.
>> What are you thinking when you get
called into this NSA?
>> Well, it it was I thought I was in
trouble. I thought I thought something
What did I do wrong? Did I fill
something out wrong? But but here's the
thing is you don't typically have a an
officer, a captain calling you directly
and talking to you. Usually it's like
some, you know, sergeant or somewhere
that's that's giving you information if
you need information or calling you in
for something. So it was it was a little
odd and a little out of character and um
or out of the ordinary. And so that of
course got my mind racing like what what
is this? What? So I I met him at the in
the lobby of the NSA. He told me how to
get there and I don't know how detailed
you want, but he we had to go through
some security stuff. He had to sign me
in because my security clearances
weren't there yet.
>> As detailed as
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> My security clearances weren't there. So
and and that is very common in the
military. they have to transmit your
security clearances to the next base or
to your TDY base or class um schooling
or whatever. And so they weren't there
yet and he had to sign me in. He signed
me in and we went in went down the
hallways and we he led me to his office
and uh he had um now everybody
understand this is 30 years ago so it's
sometimes hard to remember exactly the
the details and and probably the only
reason I know as many details as I do
know is because I wrote a book about it
obviously multiple.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. So, I I've written
them and I've said them in interviews
and stuff, but um and by the way, this
is the first, interestingly enough,
every
um person that I've talked to about this
in the past, like in an interview
situation, it's always been a very very
canned type of situation where they
would ask you a question.
>> Yeah.
>> I would answer. Ask me a question,
answer. And edited, blah blah blah. You
know, it was very This is the first
time. And that's one of the reasons why
I want to do it is because this is a
podcast. It's informal. It's you can
just you can just talk and they and
people will also get a feel for
>> an unedited Dan as opposed to cuz the
the interviews in the past
>> they've been re for me anyway to I can't
even watch them because they're so
cringe. It's just
>> Well, you come off as reasonable in all.
>> Well, okay. reasonable, but but it seems
very stilted because there's no
conversation. It's not a conversation.
It's just
>> it's not a back and forth natural back
and forth. But that that that form of
journalism, I think, is dying. I don't
think it's like a thing anymore. It's
really see-through as fake. It's kind of
a boomer legacy thing.
>> Thankfully. Thank
>> uh anyway, so where were we? I can't
remember now. Um
>> so so you're you're you're in this
office.
>> Okay. So yeah, the the the the different
things that um like the technology and
stuff. I remember that there was a
retina scanner and but I can't remember
if there was a retina scanner at his
office. I don't think there was. I think
it was just a a cipher, the the button
ciphers. Anyway, uh so we get into his
office and it's just like a normal um
you know, there's a couch and a chair in
front of his desk and like a cabinet
that had some
um water on it or something like that.
It was I think there was a sink. Um
anyway, we just sat there and and he
unveiled this
mindblowing thing to me and you know I'm
just a a a boy from Oregon that's as
couldn't even imagine something like
this happening to him. So
>> So what was the rank of this guy?
>> Captain All the All my contacts for the
project were captains.
>> So he's he's sitting down in front of
you and and what is he saying exactly?
As you know, I'm always on the hunt for
things that help me stay sharp, focused,
and full of energy while I'm diving into
life's mysteries and making this show
happen. And I've got to say, Mudwater
has completely transformed my mornings.
Back in the day, I used to struggle with
that post coffee crash. And let's not
even get into the caffeine jitters.
Mudwater gave me the smooth, steady
energy I was missing. It's packed with
functional mushrooms like lion's mane,
chaga, and rayi, plus turmeric and
cacao, all working together to keep me
focused, calm, and grounded. Honestly,
it's like coffee went on a yoga retreat
and came back zen. What I love most is
that it's not just about replacing
coffee. It's a whole new ritual. It's a
simple, nourishing way to start the day.
And I actually look forward to it every
morning. Every ingredient is USDA
certified organic, vegan, non-GMO, and
there's zero sugar. It's energy that
doesn't mess with your sleep or make you
question your life choices at 3:00 a.m.
Ready to make the switch to cleaner
energy? Head to mudwater.com,
that's mudwt.com,
and grab your starter kit today. Right
now, our listeners get an exclusive deal
up to 43% off your entire order, plus
free shipping and a free rechargeable
frother when you use code Jesse. That's
right, up to 43% off with code Jesse at
mud wtr.com.
After your purchase, they'll ask you how
you found them. Please show your support
and let them know we sent you. Keep your
energy natural and refreshing all year
long with mud water because life's too
short for anything less than clean,
delicious energy.
He's sitting down in front of you and
and what is he saying exactly? He
proceeded to tell me that I was
um part of a a project that started in
1960, I believe it was, and um and that
we
it's the genesis of it was in 1947. We
came in contact with an alien species
and in 1960 they started a a project. It
was called Project Preserve Destiny and
um it was designed to
genetically manage fetuses, human
fetuses, so that they would have the
heightened ability to do this particular
thing that I was going to school for.
And um my mother was one of the the
selected targets or whatever you want to
call it. Um and her I was conceived in
63. So, um, he said that she was she was
abducted a couple years before that and
and I think that was for the testing and
and trying to get the the right people,
you know, to to continue the program
with. And so in 1963 when she was uh
when she was um
uh had me you know in term um they
abducted her again and they uh did the
genetic management. That was his words
genetic management what that means you
know is up to interpretation I guess. Um
but the result of it was that it gave me
the ability to have this communications.
>> It's amazing. So he's basically saying
that mentions 1947 presumably the year
of of Roswell and a couple of other
famous sightings. Kenneth Arnold
>> I have to put a caveat there. Um
>> so in in my memories of this it's
possible that I assigned that year.
>> Okay.
>> It's possible.
>> Sure.
>> I don't know. I can't remember if he
actually said it because I already knew
about the 194 I mean everybody knows
about the 1947 Roswell thing. So
he could have alluded to that and I just
assigned that year but he said I'm
positive that he said due to our our
communication or uh coming in contact
with an alien species and he might have
said
>> 15 years ago he might have said you know
a while ago and then I assigned that or
he could have said 1947. I I can't
remember exactly.
>> Appreciate your honesty and attention. I
want I want to make sure that that's
kind of out there so that it that it's
not pigeonholed that I I had this
scientific memory that said that it was
definitely that because I don't.
>> Yeah. Yeah. No, no, no. And and and I
want everybody in the audience if you're
uh 60 years and up to try to remember
what happened to you uh you know 35 plus
years ago in vivid detail and then you
know report back if you know you have
any critiques for for this. So uh no no
I really appreciate that. So at some
point, right, humanity or the US came
into contact with these and I think he I
believe he does say gray alien beings
specifically. Oh, that I think that came
the the gray terminology came later.
with alien beings. And in 1960,
uh, this project begins where the aliens
are given access presumably by the
American federal government to
genetically
>> I would I would say that the the
government was given access. Okay.
>> Not because the aliens, they had access
whether we liked it or not. I would
imagine. I mean, if you if you think
about it, because so the the the they
did it in concert with the milit or the
government, but I don't know who gave
access to who.
>> I mean,
>> so maybe the abductions have been
ongoing and all of a sudden the
government
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> is interested in developing these
intuitive communicators, which you'll,
you know, later become. And uh that
involves altering the genetics of
fetuses inside the womb of specific
mothers, one of whom happened to be your
mother.
>> Yes. And they also chose it by
demographics too because they um they
knew that a certain percentage of
offspring would want to go into the
military of course so they could they
could track that that progression and to
keep it tightly controlled because you
can't I mean if somebody
>> went off to be you know in some job they
couldn't control then it it would be
useless. So they they tried to
demographically and I would imagine many
of the underprivileged and you know poor
people were the ones that were were um
>> or families were the ones that were
selected and mine was one of those
definitely.
>> How are you feeling as he's telling you
this? Uh, well, I was I I believe I was
fairly numb at at first. Like,
you know, you're getting you're getting
information that is so unbelievable that
you think, okay, this has got to be a
joke or this is, you know, this is a one
of those ra um hazing things, you know,
when you go somewhere and sometimes they
haze you because you're the new person
or whatever. I mean that did cross my
mind but in in general purp in in
general terms I was very numb to the
situation until at the at the end it
started to gel like you know this is not
a joke cuz he would have probably
revealed it by now and so and I you know
I'm in the NSA complex that this is not
some office and some base somewhere
where they're they could do that type of
thing you know and joke with you. So it
it became real very very very quickly.
>> What do you say back to him?
>> Not a lot. Um I think I tried to ask
some questions, but he he he was very um
very business-like as far as the the the
revealing of information because he
wasn't I don't think he knew a lot, you
know, to to answer those questions. I
think he knew exactly what he needed to
do to get his job done just as I
[laughter] only was fed the information
that I need to get my job done. So
that's very common in the in the um
classified world is need to know. You
know, if you have a need to know that,
then you'll know it. But if you don't
have a need to know, then you have no
need to know that.
>> And he describes the sort of
compartmentalization of these programs a
little bit more, right, in this
conversation.
um he went over the onion effect. Um he
said that you know you have these
different layers that are built in the
military and in government in general
but definitely military where you have
um one layer hiding another layer. And
of course when you're at the official
use only and and unclassified
aspects of things there's not much of a
layer. But when you get to the secret
and the top secret and then black and
then in our case and in the case of this
the gray project. So it one is designed
to cover the other and especially when
you get up to the black and gray project
because when you have a gray project
um obviously you need funding, you need
the all the logistics that go into
running that and you have to have a
reason. You have to have a line item.
you have to have um justification for
manpower and funding and all that. So
you do that because you have a black
project that's colllocated with it and
only a select few of the people in the
black project know about the great
project so that they can do their job
and administer the great project. But
all the funding, all the all the um
manpower like you know me going from one
base to another, it's all under the
oposes of the the black project. So it's
why because a lot of people even you
know in the UFO community the proverbial
thing is like above above top secret
which is you know Timothy Good's famous
canonical UFO book and you're paying
homage to it with black and you're
saying that above programs that are by
definition black and you know off the
books kind of or off the books for the
public at least you have these little
cutouts
>> that involve the alien presence
>> which is That's a big claim. And why do
you think he would tell you anything
about the compartmentalization of it?
>> Well, because I was a part of it. I was
going to be a part of it. So, at that
time, I was not assigned to any black
projects. I mean, I was just like
anybody else in the world. I mean, I I
knew of the concept of of of
stuff that is above top secret. I even
read the book probably. I would imagine
I did. Um because I I remember the name
of it that you just mentioned. Um, so it
it it stands to reason that he would he
would try to make me understand that
this is just part of that process and
you are going to be going to a black
project and that would be your cover so
to speak for what you're going to be
doing with the project destined.
>> So he says that your mother in some way
was genetically altered uh when she was
giving birth the fetus the fetus was. So
you were while inside of her uh in the
early '60s
>> and that was in order for you to become
an intuitive communicator who is
basically able to receive messages from
>> well receive and transmit.
>> Receive and transmit.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Communicate basically back
and forth.
>> And he's telling you all of this.
>> Yeah. He said that that's what my job
would be doing or that's what my job
would be to do that. Yes. And and then
so at that point, you know, are you
saying like, why are you telling me
this? Is there like a follow-up here? Am
I supposed to, you know, [laughter]
>> I mean, when you're told this, it's it's
you're you're being
your your mind is being bombarded with
such a a a radical situation that you
don't well and and also in the context
of being a military too. We have
military protocol that, you know, we
don't ask a lot of questions in the
military. you know, you you're being
told what to do and then you do it.
You're actually trained not to ask
questions or not to give any type of
push back or anything. You just, yeah,
yes, sir. Yes, sir. That's what we're
going to do. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. So, in
that context, it it doesn't I mean, it
may seem like somebody, you know, Joe
Blow may seem like, well, if I was told
that, I'd be all up in arms. What's
going on? But you don't you don't think
like that when you're an airman or you
know a sergeant. You just think okay
this is the mission and we're we're
going to go forward.
>> Does he say anything about the purpose
of project preserve destiny and why
intuitive communicators are needed in
the first place?
>> Yeah he said um he said that
uh it was due to some future event and
and again he said this is what I've been
told. So it wasn't like
>> um he's just a conduit for whatever he's
being told. And
>> so so there are levels of need to know
access and compartmentalization and
>> and so he told me that there would be
some future event where the ability to
intuitively communicate would help the
military and help you know command and
control and and all that. He didn't get
into details on it, but he just said
that because I mean
the training itself was um centered
around communicating
stuff like that like logistics and and
things like that. So he was setting me
up for what type of communications would
I be training for? And then he said,
"It's for a future thing that we know is
going to happen, and you're going to be
one of the communicating um aspects of
that future event. You'll be allowed or
you'll be um relied upon to do that."
>> Was it like a cataclysmic event or like
you didn't say anything?
>> It didn't say anything about the the the
nature of it at all.
>> But there was some need to have these
intuitive communicators on a goboard
basis.
>> The future event thing
He said in the future and maybe even the
event that that word event maybe that
was something that I put in there. I I
don't actually recall but but that was
my impression that there would be some
event in the future that that would be
needed.
>> So what happens next?
>> We went to the school. He took me in a
van to the school and it could have been
me coming back to the facility and then
meeting him again. Don't really remember
though. Um, but we we took a van from
the facility. It was a a blue
marked unmarked van that had uh black
windows. It drove to the school that I
would be having the instruction at and
couldn't see where we were going at all.
And that was part of the secrecy of it
obviously is I didn't know where the
school was. And um so we went uh got out
in a garage or a room of some it wasn't
really a I don't know what it was. It
was just it was a interior of a cement
building. I don't know if it was a
garage or part of an annex of a
building, but it was just cement all
around us and and the blue van parked
and we got out and 10 about about 10 20
15 ft in front of the the van um doors
that we got out was a a door. It had a
palm reader, I believe, and it might
have had a retina scanner. I know the
interior one had a retina scanner. Um,
we opened the door, went into a vestible
bowl. That was the door to the elevator.
We got in the elevator after doing the
hand scan again. I think it was the
opposite hand the next time. And then um
went down. I could feel it was going
down obviously. There was only one
button in the elevator. That was it.
Just start basically. Um the
doors opened on the other side of the
elevator and we went into a room. It had
two consoles in it, two um computer
consoles and a table in the middle. And
he told me, you know, the kind of the
logistics of the the van would pick me
up at my hotel. I would go through Elent
school and then um I think they gave me
like the half hour, 45 minutes. I can't
remember exactly the time, but a short
while after I got um back from the elent
school, they would pick me up in the the
blue van would be right there in front
of the in the pickup area of the Holiday
Inn and um I would get in the van and he
would drive me to the school and I would
do exactly what we just did, which is
get out of the van, go to the door. I my
all my information would be in the
scanners and I just go down and go to my
console and put on the headphones and
sit there and that would be my that
would be my task every every time.
>> And what are they telling you to do when
you're sitting there with with
headphones on?
>> You know how we're always diving into
the edge of science and consciousness on
this show. Lately, I've been thinking a
lot about aging. Not just in terms of
years, but in how it actually feels in
the body. Slower recovery, lower energy,
that middle-aged fog that sneaks up on
you. I feel like I can barely go out and
drink alcohol anymore. That's why I
started using something called
qualiaenolytic. And it's been a major
shift for me. Let me explain. As we age,
our bodies accumulate what scientists
call scesscent cells, also known as
zombie cells. These are worn out cells
that stop dividing but don't die. They
hang around in your body, draining your
energy, clogging up your recovery, and
generally making you feel older than you
are. Qualiaenolytic is a firstofits-kind
supplement formulated with nine
plant-based compounds designed to help
your body naturally eliminate these
zombie cells. It's not something you
take every day, just 2 days a month, but
it supports your body in aging better at
the cellular level. Since I've started
taking it, I've felt sharper, lighter,
and like my body's resilience has come
back online. It's vegan, non-GMO, and
grounded in serious research. Experience
the science of feeling younger. Go to
qualityife.com/jessie
for up to 50% off your purchase and use
code jessie. Again, that's j s for an
additional 15% off. That's qu a l i a l
i f.com/jessej
ss e for an extra 15% off your purchase.
Thanks so much to Qualia for sponsoring
this episode.
And what are they telling you to do when
you're sitting there with with
headphones on?
>> Well, it the instructor was through the
headphones. He just said, "Put on the
headphones and you'll you'll be told
what to do um when we after you put the
headphones on through the headphones."
And so, and he told me also there would
be some pills that I would take. So, he
showed me the pills and he said they'll
be right here on the on the table. And
he told me also that there would be
another student uh in the school at the
same time. So, that's why there were two
consoles. And he said, "You're never to
speak with each other." Um, not even a
grunt. No, nothing. Just you both come
to your your your console is going to be
this one and that's it. No, no talking.
Um, and I did finally see that guy and
we came about the same time, never at
the exact same time, but around the same
time. And um, never said a word to one
another. Took the medicine or he told me
about the medicine, where it would be.
Um,
it was very cut and dry. I mean, there
wasn't a lot to it. We just had to get
in the van and come here and do exactly
what we just did.
>> And so, you basically had no idea where
you were going in the van.
>> No.
>> And you're in this extremely nondescript
building. You just see the inside.
>> Well, I assume it was a building. I
mean, I don't know if we went down.
>> It almost sounds like maybe it's
underground.
>> Yeah. Well, the I know the school the
consoles were I I'm positive that, but
well, I guess maybe not positive because
we could have gone up
>> into a building and then gone down. Who
knows? But we did go down, so I assume
it's underground.
>> Um, and I don't I I think the building
was
ground level, too, because I I don't
remember going up any, you know,
inclines or down or any of that. So, it
was ground level,
>> meaning that the school was probably
underground. the the school itself was
under a building that was on ground.
>> And I believe also you were talking
about the intense secrecy. Uh the
captain who you call Captain White in
the book who briefed you initially said
you're not to speak about this with
anybody unless they're involved in
Project Preserve Destin.
>> Yeah, that's right. There would he told
me there would be a pass off. So, um, or
a introduction or I can't remember the
the terminology used, but somebody would
be he would introduce me to somebody
when I needed to do it in the future if
I went to another or when I went to
another base. So, he was my contact for
there and then I would get another
contact at another location and whatever
location I was at, I would always be
introduced by the previous uh contact.
So I would never have any need to go up
to somebody and say are you or none of
that. I would come to you. Yeah. Yeah.
It would always be
>> that's like a leare
book or something. It's like a spy
thriller. It's [laughter] like you'll be
greeted by a man call you at this
telephone booth or so so understand.
Okay. So this is very close.
>> And it was a telephone at one
introduction.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> Like meet at a telephone booth or
something?
>> No, it was I got a call
>> in a public telephone booth. Well, it
wasn't public. It was the dorm, the dorm
that I was living in. Okay. At at the
first base that I went to. I was living
in a dorm and there was a like a a dorm
phone. So, in the hallway and so
somebody came and and said, um, you have
a a phone call.
>> So, I fascinating. And so, he told me
and that was Captain White. He told me
that the name of the next person and
that I would meet them at such and such
time and he would have his arms folded
in front of the facility and that's who
it was.
>> That his arms that's
>> Yeah. So, I mean,
I know that's probably silly, but but he
did say that that that he would have his
arms for and he was the only person
there, so it wasn't like I was going to
mistake him for one of the other million
people that were involved,
>> but maybe that was somewhat of a signal
to just confirm that that was the right
contact. Okay, so you're back at this
initial project preserve destiny school
>> and this is in Maryland. It's presumably
near the NSA complex where you get
briefed
>> and you're underground. and you have
your headphones on. What instructions do
you get through the headphones?
>> Um, so initially um it was a very very
rudimentary there were um LED boxes in
on the computer screen in front of me
and uh they were green and it was like a
sine wave. It was like this um like a
it's a typical I don't know if people
know what a sine wave is but
>> sine wave looks like a sideways S.
>> Yeah. Yeah, exactly. with with a green
line going through the middle. And so
>> I would have 10 of those boxes in front
of me on the computer screen. And he
said, "For now, initially anyway, he
said, "I I just want you I'm going to
play a tone and I want you to mentally
hum that tone. Don't autoize it. Just
mentally do it. Don't have Don't use
your vocal cords in any way, shape, or
form. Just mentally hum that that note
or that Yeah, that note." And so that's
what I did for days, a few a few days at
least.
>> And and it was
uh torture. It was basically torture.
Just listening to one tone and mentally
humming it.
>> How many hours?
>> I I can't remember, but it was it was
probably a couple days and and each
class, you know, was like 3 4 hours in
the afternoon, evening, early.
>> That sounds like Chinese water torture.
>> It does.
>> Excruciating. it. I would definitely
ascribe that uh term.
>> Were you allowed to take breaks?
>> Uh I did get I did get breaks uh like 10
minutes every hour just like your normal
work.
>> Okay.
>> You know, break type thing
>> cuz I think in the book you say you
couldn't go to the bathroom during the
block.
>> I could not go to the bathroom which was
a problem sometimes. I I I um I don't
think I ever did anything in my pants
[laughter] but it was close. And I also
was also very paranoid about going you
know before going I would always you
know be on the toilet like you know
>> oh yeah
>> definitely before I went because I
definitely did not want to have a
problem
>> and um I I think that's a young person's
game too because now I'd be like no no
no I got I gota [laughter] have a b have
a break I gota have a bathroom anyway.
So, um it was a mentally hummed tone and
and then he
um he told me to concentrate on the
first box while I was doing it. So, I
would look for like a he said look for
movement in the in the box on the sine
wave of the first box. And um so I would
I would look at that box and just stare
at that box and mentally hum the tone.
And he said that um you will eventually
um feel a connection between
your your mental and your visual.
>> It it you'll feel a connection that um
that is
>> uh that is uh represented in the box. So
the the line will change
>> with your your your this thing that
you're doing with your mind, which is a
mental hum. Um, and so
when I I say in the book that it clicked
and that that's
kind of the only thing that I could
really put human language to. It wasn't
an audible click or it wasn't like a,
you know, physical click, but but it it
it's like when you're focusing a camera
that, you know, it's really out of focus
and you're turning it and turn it and
you go, you know, it just focused right
on it.
>> And that's what it felt like with the
visual and the the mental aspect of
looking at the box. When I saw the the
the sine wave move, it it is like it
came into focus. this thing that that I
was doing in my head. And then I I could
I could assign that what I just did. I
could assign that to what I was doing
visually or seeing visually. And I went,
"Oh, okay. Well, I was excited. Of
course, I nearly jumped out of my my my
seat when I first did it. I I couldn't
believe it." Because at this point, I
was like really seriously giving up. I
was like, "This is this is I
[laughter] this is not going to happen."
I I And so when it did happen, I was
pretty excited.
>> Well, you must be thinking too before
the clicking happened that this isn't
how physics works, right? Like in in
your head, you mean you you grow up in
the US learning or in anywhere learning
that there's some sort of hard
separation between mind and matter.
Yeah. And you can hum as much as you
want internally to try to match or
resonate with some external tone you're
hearing. But the idea that that, you
know, tone is represented on a screen
and you could somehow affect that
representation with your mind to most
people would be beyond the pale.
>> I did I did um for a short period of
time think that maybe there was a
connection between the headphones,
>> okay,
>> and and the computer,
>> some sort of electromagnetic
>> because well because the headphones
weren't wireless. They had a wire and it
went into the cabinet. And so, you know,
I I did I mean, I gave that a lot of
thought like, you know, but that of
course was proved wrong later on because
I didn't have headphones later on when I
was doing the actual communication. So,
but yes, you're right. There's a
disconnect. There's a there's a mental
disconnect there that that's not
supposed to be happening that this is
not this is not possible to happen. So,
yeah, it was definitely interesting.
>> So, when you say it clicked and I
realized that's the best way you can
sort of describe it.
>> Yeah. Do you then sense, oh my god, this
sort of, you know, wave that's going,
the sine wave, I now have mental control
over it. Is that the feeling you get?
>> Yeah. Yeah, it it was um well, and it
wasn't I couldn't really do anything
with it because I didn't really know
what to do with it. Um but I could
definitely um affect the the motion and
I could do it just at will. like I could
at first the the the sign, you know, the
sine wave was like this and it would go
like this, you know, the the two loes of
the sine wave would go like this in
harmony with one another. That was the
clicking um aspect. And then later on, I
mean, the the whole thing would just
like this, you know, when you're
actually doing doing when you're
practicing the the visual and audio um
um feedback, you know, that it was
giving me, I would I would do the
communications or whatever, the the IC
aspect of what I was doing, it would it
would actually do this with the sine
wave. So, at some point, I just didn't
even pay attention to the sine wave. I
was just I was just doing the what he
was telling me to do.
>> I see his intuitive communications and
so you're you're you're seeing it almost
like ripple or like you know oscillate
differently. That's so fascinating.
>> Yeah.
>> And then Okay. So you like lock in you
have this like connection between you
and the sine wave
>> and then are do you have a goal? Are you
trying to like get the sine wave to do
something?
>> Yeah. He was just telling me we did the
first sine wave and then the he would
feed another note and I would have to
concentrate on the second sine wave and
then the third sine wave and until I got
all of them to click and that was the
kind of the overriding goal. And then
they started to feed me numbers and
describing things and what I was
interpreting when I was doing the boxes.
um it would start to um I I could
associate certain concepts and and
numbers and and colors and and letters
and things like that with the actual
boxes and and the different movements of
the of the sine waves. So it was
intuitive in the sense that because it
really was intuitive in that when I went
when I started unlocking all these
things, it became intuitively aware in
my mind how to do that stuff. So I
intuitively knew how to do it. That's
how the that's why they they I think
they call it intuitive communication
because once your mind was unlocked with
that ability, it intuitively did that.
>> Yeah. intuitively was able to
communicate whatever it needed to
communicate.
>> So you have a bunch of boxes with sine
waves in them and then you're somehow
associating the movements of the sine
waves. it the the clicking was the only
really thing that I was associate I was
associating um that was the tool by
which we could do the clicking or you
know to to unlock that particular tone
and that ability to intuitively
communicate at that whatever they called
I don't even know what they called it at
whatever levels those were um to me it
was just a note but
>> to whoever was teaching me it could have
been another attribution you know
somehow it was meant something to them,
but it didn't mean to me. It was just
>> Is the tone that you're listening to
changing at all through it?
>> Yeah, the the the tones were different
uh different notes for each box.
>> Okay, got it.
>> So, it was 10 notes. I don't know what
notes they were, but they were 10 notes.
Um
>> and did the sine wave change based on
the notes?
>> Uh no, it was just the clicking the the
sine wave itself would would move based
on or that I had 10 boxes. One was one
note, one was another note, one was
another note, one was another for the
clicking aspect.
>> And then my mind was picking up on um
when when they would feed me information
like um a description of something, I
would my mind would think in those terms
and feed back something. Now, I don't
know what that feedback was and how
because they were monitoring that on the
other side. They were they were trying
to see whether it fit whatever it was
supposed to fit in those boxes. It it
wasn't my aspect of it was very uh
one-sided. I was just there to unlock
what was going on in my head and we did
that through the clicking. But then the
fe the feeding of the the information
and stuff was my ability. they were
testing my ability as my mind's ability
to to convey that in these in this type
of
language or communication or whatever
you want to call it. And so it really
didn't come all together until I
actually started the communications with
the with the the aliens. It was it was
unlocked. I could tell it was unlocked
obviously because I was moving boxes and
stuff. The box didn't mean anything to
me at at some point after I clicked with
all of them. But but the communications
itself was when I really realized, oh,
this is what this is how it works. This
is why it's why it is what it is, why
we're doing this.
>> So, you have 10 boxes, each of which
represent a note, so to speak,
>> for the clicking. Yeah.
>> You have sine waves within each box.
Yeah. And you're trying to lock in or
click into each box, and you you end up
getting them all. and sort of
interfacing with all of them.
>> But once I but once they started feeding
me information and I was um I was
supposed to intuitively communicate that
back into wherever it was going or
wherever it was going. Um then I would
see boxes just going,
you know, just doing all kinds of stuff
and but I didn't correlate that with
anything. I they were just moving. So
presumably and may maybe this is taking
a leap here they are uh kind of pattern
matching
signals that you're emitting by thinking
of certain. So you have a certain
semantic thought like a school bus or
something and then they get a certain
pattern and then they're doing some
pattern matching where I
>> I think presumably [clears throat]
>> I think the the pattern or the um this
was just an the the 10 boxes were just a
manifestation of what was going on but I
don't think they were actually using the
boxes. They had their own way but it was
just allowing me to see it kind of gave
me confidence or or whatever. It was
kind of a visual for me. So it's
feedback for you that you were that you
were locked into the sine waves, but
they had something on the back end
that's matching
>> symbolic concepts that you're thinking
of
>> in this plane that is being unlocked
>> in this plane that's being unlocked.
>> Yeah.
>> Fascinating. So like you think of like a
car and like they're they have some sort
of signals presumably that they're going
>> and the intuitive communications.
Um, I would I would think like I think
now, just like you think, but I would do
it in this kind of level of the brain
that was was doing what was doing here,
that mental humming. Yeah.
>> That that unlocked something in my brain
that was allowing it to be on that level
or playing or whatever you want to call
it instead of talking, you know, through
the vocal cords and or even thinking.
Yeah, it
>> thinking is a level of intuitive or a um
>> it's an abstract
>> aspect. as an aspect of of the way our
minds work, but this was a different um
a different uh modality or I'm not
exactly sure what word to put it to it,
but but and it was unlocked through that
that
>> well, it almost feels like they were
attempting to read a level of your
thoughts that exist below symbolic
abstract, you know, interpretation
>> or above. Yeah.
>> Or above. But I Yeah, I would think
maybe below like cuz Yeah. Yeah. Well, I
don't know. But like, you know, if you
have like language is very kind of high
level and and symbolic ultimately
>> and you're locking on to these sinewave
frequencies. I would assume, you know,
if you have in computer science, you
have the bit layer and then you have a
higher level symbolic languages and then
you have like abstract representations
of, you know, you have icons on your
computer screen ultimately and stuff
like that. Um, I would think that
language is more like the icons in your
computer screens on your computer
screens and then there's probably some
lower level of thought like some mimetic
thing of you know you know thinking of
forms and shapes and that sort of thing
and this is like another way to transmit
that. Well, the re the way I kind of um
thought about it as as the years went on
and I you know would think about stuff
like this um in Elen we had a carrier
wave you know which was the power of the
of the transmission but then it was it
was um encoded encoded isn't the word
but I'll use that encoded that the
information is encoded on that power
wave
>> so the the
>> our ability to communicate talk and
think. That's a a power wave. And then I
I put this the IC ability as a different
way to encode information on that power
wave.
>> And it and but it's still the power
that's emanating from our being. You
know, we're alive and we have power. We
have we have uh energy emanating from us
and we are the carrier wave. But the
encoding of information is done through
our vocal cords and through our eyes and
through our mind. But this was a higher
level of encoding
>> of that of that energy.
>> Interesting.
>> That's kind of how I've thought about it
over the years.
>> I feel like we're saying the same thing.
>> Yeah, probably. [laughter]
>> You're told that you uh need to be
taking pills every day you're doing
this. Y
>> it's two pills. Is that right?
>> Yeah. And initially it was two pills in
the school. Um,
>> what do they taste like?
>> Um, they didn't have any taste.
>> Did you ask, hey, why do you why do I
have to take these pills?
>> I did ask and you know, as usual, it was
like, well, that's just what we have to
do.
>> Okay.
>> I wasn't told why. And and it wasn't
like it wasn't it wasn't a one forone
type of situation, too, because
sometimes I would forget to take it.
There were there were a few days when I
would come back and go, "Oh, man. I
didn't take that. I forgot to take
those. Um, and I I at later on I was I
think it was one pill that I had to take
later on and sometimes I'd forget to
take that too. So, it wasn't like it was
take pill, couldn't do it. Didn't take
pill, couldn't do it. It wasn't like
that. I think it was just I think they
were just experimenting with it.
>> Some sort of maybe intuitive
communicator supplement, so to speak. I
I don't know. But
>> I mean there presumably parts of the
brain that enhance this stuff and ones
that yeah hurt it maybe or impede it. Um
and then part part of the goal for you
was like flattening the sine wave,
right? So it was getting the sine wave
to
>> basically the amplitude to lower into
the the sort of center of the box.
>> Yeah. And that and that was just um a a
concentration exercise I think on the on
the actual note because I would I first
I clicked it and so that was the
clicking and it would move and then um I
was um instructed to move it further,
you know, to move that note but do it
further. And so that was the feedback I
was getting of the visual feedback. I
could kind of correlate it with what I
was doing in my mind and so I could get
a stronger a more focus maybe of that uh
note and and I only say note because at
some point the note went away and I
could just I just did that box
>> but um
>> so that's like the note was almost
priming you for a particular box.
>> Yeah. And then I didn't need the note it
was just that box was in my mind
>> because you had the internal humming
going on that note. And again, that was
that was only to unlock that that
feature or whatever you want to call it
because the note went away and even my
humming I I didn't that went away too. I
didn't have to do any of that.
>> Interesting. Yeah. And once you were
locked in with a particular box, you
were good.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. And and then I the flattening was
an intensity type of situation where you
you could and I don't think that had
anything to do with the actual
communications itself. It just was an
exercise. It's like lift weightlifting.
You know, you put more weights on it and
put more weights on it until you get
stronger and stronger in that box.
>> This is so wild though because it
implies that the NSA has this whole
protocol, this whole like other language
that they've developed, which you know,
cryptography or whatever. May maybe they
have in some sense on the computer
science layer, but this is like a human
intuitive psychic language that the NSA
has prop. But I don't but I don't think
the NSA I think they administer it but I
don't think they unless you have an
alien and an IC person doing it. I don't
think none of them can do it or or at
least
at the time maybe now they do. I don't I
don't know. But um but that that's even
crazier, right? Because that's almost
implying that aliens coordinated with
them to give humans the conventions
through which like you could even lock
on to this stuff.
>> Like like aliens were deeply involved in
this program or something. They had to
be. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> It's either that or they have this
predig this like insane sort of psychic
conventional language that they've
created like like the NSA. I mean
>> Yeah.
>> It's one or the other. I I don't know if
because I think it's a biological thing.
So, anything biological would have to I
mean, I guess it could be engineered at
some point, you know, with the
technology that we have today. Sure,
>> it could be engineered.
>> Neuralink has a patent on psychic
communic telepathic communications, but
that's like now, right? We're like
looking into that. And I I do believe
the narrative that things have existed
in the black and then they sometimes are
exfiltrated or they're like cover
private companies that are actually far
behind what's in the black. That's fine.
But
>> and there's an actual aspect of that in
the story, too, but with the white van,
but I guess we'll go over that.
>> Well, why don't we now? So, [laughter]
so you're taken to this facility in this
kind of, you know, nondescript blue van
and then you see a second
>> I saw headlights one time or lights
>> lights in the building that were not
there typically. And so I was like, what
what's going on? So, I looked over to
the left and I could see lights um
shining on the wall that was in front of
the blue van, but over a little bit
further to over on the other side of the
van. So, I was obviously curious and so
I went I didn't want to go into the
front of the van cuz it's a driver, you
know, I for some reason this driver had
this myth mythical monster um imagery in
my head because I could never talk to
him. I never knew who it was. So, I
didn't want to get in his bad side. So,
I went to the back of the van and I
looked around and I saw the bumper of a
white van. It was a white van on on the
other side of the blue van and that's
what was had the headlights on. And and
as soon as I got back there, he honked
his horn. The blue van honked his horn.
I was like, "Okay, never mind. I'm going
to my door. Thank you. I don't don't eat
me or do whatever you're going to do."
And so I I saw that white van and um
later on I don't know how much later um
days maybe I I was taking an exit to go
get to the hotel in Maryland there and
um I was turning right and I saw a white
van turning left at that exit
and as and
I thought there's no possible way this
could be the same van and but you know
it's in the area and you know who knows,
right? So I but then I remembered I
remembered um actually when I saw the
van I remembered it not only then but I
remembered it when I saw the van I was
like that has a a a dent. It was an
identifying feature and so I looked at
it. I looked at the white band that I
saw at the exit and sure enough it had
that same exact uh dent. So my I was
like what do I do? What do I do? Do I do
I um I had to follow it. I mean, there's
just no possible way. I was too curious.
So, so I I kind of nudged over. I put my
sink blinker on and I nudged over to to
follow that van. And I went to um a a
company called
What's up, guys? One of today's sponsors
is us, American Alchemy. We just
launched what I think is maybe the
coolest merch line in the world. when
you're wearing it, it's not like you're
shilling me or the channel. They're just
really epic and I think they look good.
We have a couple of amazing designs for
you. We have our cowboy UFO tea. Pretty
epic. You see there's a rancher. He's
witnessing a UFO. A little cow is
getting abducted by the UFO in the
background. And then you know that I
love mid-century history, specifically
spooky science, atomic era stuff. And so
we have our atomic age T here. Uh,
pretty cool vibe. Uh, you got a robot
serving this guy. Uh, a little martini
and then a UFO off to the side. Go to
American Alchemymerch.com.
americanch.com
to check out all of this amazing new
apparel. The cowboy tea that I'm wearing
is 100% cotton. Super relaxed fit. We
went for quality on these. Uh, so check
them out.
and it went to um a a company called
Noise Cancellation Technology, NCT. Um
that's the name of the company, NCT. I
believe that's they went by the
initials. And and I was like, okay,
well, there's some sort of
interesting little correlation there.
More corroboration for Dan Sherman's
story exists around this company. He
followed this mysterious second van into
NCT [music]
or Noise cancellation technologies.
Noise cancellation technologies
incorporated is on record having had
multiple contracts with government and
military organizations. In June of 1991,
the Washington Post reported that Noise
Cancellation Technologies Incorporated
in Lynthicum, Maryland [music] won a
$210,000
contract from DARPA or the Defense
Advanced Research Projects Agency for
Research and Development. Well, 1991 was
exactly when Dan Sherman was getting
trained as an intuitive communicator by
Project Preserve Destiny. [music] and
Lynthica, Maryland is right by where he
was stationed getting trained by the
NSA. All of this was also a very short
drive to Fort me where the government
historically has run its psychic spy
program. But I'm sure all of these are
just coincidences. Noise cancellation
technologies military ties run even
deeper. The company is referenced in an
Office of Naval Research bulletin about
acoustics research in Europe and they've
been publicly involved in further NASA
and Army funded research. According to
the company's [music] own website, NCT
is a leading technology company
dedicated to the development and
commercialization of active wave
management applications. The electronic
manipulation of sound signal [music]
waves to reduce noise, improve signal to
noise ratios, and enhance sound quality.
All sounds like stuff that could be
pretty relevant to what a young Sergeant
Dan Sherman was doing for the NSA.
>> Very interesting.
>> Yeah, because he was in the same garage.
Now, you know, I I don't know what the
cor I don't know what the exact
correlation is.
>> Well, and it makes total sense. You're
wearing headphones. They're doing
something with kind of exotic
communications. It's not one that you
are making up. There's there's
corroboration uh of them working with
the government in other contexts outside
of this possible NSA collaboration.
>> Well, and they could be also doing a
black project that's covering a great
project. So it's I mean there's high
likelihood that that's true because I
saw I mean I I correlated the two. So
>> yeah and you even talk about you've
hypothesized that exotic propulsion
might involve noise cancellation in some
way. I mean there there are all sorts of
things that you know
>> electromagnetic energy is it's an
amazing uh phenomenon. I agree. It's
funny in and around the whole alien UFO
space. You get a lot of like Loheed
Martin executives like saying weird
things like all you need is Maxwell's or
Maxwell's equations and you change a
thing or two and you're all good. Like
implying that general relativity,
Einstein, even you know quantum
mechanics in some ways are like way less
important than Maxwell which governs all
of electromagnetism
for things like exotic propulsion. So,
>> yep.
>> Yeah, it's very powerful. And um yeah,
there there are even there are fields of
like extended electronamic. I don't know
if you've ever heard of extended
electronamics. Is that something that's
>> uh it is I I've heard of it. Yeah.
>> So, it's this idea that um you know
obviously in traditional
electromagnetism you have a transverse
Herzian wave. So you have you know um a
B field an E field an electric field a
magnetic field which are perpendicular
to one another and then perpendicular um
as well as wave propagation and that's
like pretty much all you can do right
but that limits you like for undersea
communications uh you get electrons
pairing off because of the presence of
magnetic field you know obviously deep
space communications are going to be
hard it's going to decay at 1 / r 2
>> and this is this idea that actually this
Navy whistleblower came out on my show
that's described a couple of Hal Putoff
has patents in this area in extended
electronamics that there are exotic wave
types uh in what's called a scalar field
uh where wave propagation might occur at
1 / r instead of 1 / r squar so they
attenuate way less over long distances
in spaceime
>> without increasing power
>> without what's that without increasing
power and so it's just it would unlock
all sorts of crazy crazy things if if
true.
>> Um and and Hal Putoff's this really
interesting character in all of this
because he obviously ran the CIA's
psychic spy program. And I've asked him
point blank, do you think psychic
communication is occurring along the
lines of this extended electronamics
where you have patents? And he's said to
me, yeah, I do think that's the case.
>> That's fascinating.
>> Isn't that fascinating? I find that so
interesting. and he's using these
Josephson junction uh you know quantum
receivers basically to to so it's these
um you know vector and scalar potentials
in the subquantum field that are doing
the communications um so this is
absolutely [snorts] mind-blowing um and
it makes sense right because like you
look at the early Stargate experiments
you look at the stuff you know we're
going to get into with you they would
put remote viewers you know in
submarines and put them at the bottom of
the
And they would have the exact same, you
know, all this stuff seems to be
agnostic of both space and time. They
would get the exact same results and
efficacy when it come came to remote
viewing.
>> And so it would make sense that you'd
have some exotic electromagnetic
communication ability that
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> That that's mindboggling.
>> Okay. So you're you're you're at this
school and you're going every day and
you're in this van and you've tracked
down this other van. Are you still what
ever happened to to electronics
intelligence school? The air force
continuing education thing that you were
supposed to do.
>> Well, I had to do that during the day.
So, I was doing that for, you know,
seven, eight hours and then I would come
back to the hotel and have a little
break and then I would get picked up
again by the van. So,
>> did anybody say, "Hey, Dan, you want to,
you know, go out tonight, get grab a
drink or something?" What would you have
to say?
>> I was the loner, you know. I was always
the one that was, "No, no, I'm good. I'm
in the room.
>> I'm a little tired."
>> Yeah. Yeah. And I I did get asked um
several times they would they would ask
me where are you going because you're
you're not in your room and your car is
here. Where are you going? And I always
had some sort of excuse like I met a
girl or you know we went out and you
know I she drove and that's true of
anybody that's in tight these types of
things is it doesn't comport with
reality with with your real life. So you
have to create this alternative universe
sometimes where you have to exist in
that universe too with other people.
>> And like nobody at at any of my my
bases, they they didn't know what was
going on either. And I mean I can't
remember specific examples, but I'm sure
that I had to come up with some BS when
something didn't exactly gel with what
was supposed to be going on like in the
van. Mhm.
>> So it that is just the life of somebody
who is in that type of situation.
>> And you you were given a code, right,
for Project Preserve Destiny, like you
had a a code name or something?
>> Um, staunch Yeah. staunch 118.
>> Staunch 1118. Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> And that was that was on the computer
screen when I would um open up the
dialogue box. I would have to choose
staunch 118.
>> And so what how long does your schooling
last and what happens?
>> I think it was 3 months. Okay.
>> Yeah, I I believe that.
>> And no no alien direct communication
during the schooling. You're just told
to flatten these weight. Okay. And so
what what happens next?
>> I go back to my base um that I was
stationed at the time and just went back
to my elint job doing stuff. And um then
um I'm not exactly sure how long it was,
but several months went by and I finally
got orders. um to my first PPD base
which was overseas and um
and then I went to that that base and I
was there for
uh again my security clearances weren't
there yet so I was kind of in this limbo
state um and they finally came and then
I got a phone call like we mentioned
earlier um somebody knocked on my door
and said, "Somebody's wants you on the
phone, the dorm phone." It was outdoors,
too. It was a It was in a warm climate.
>> Mhm.
>> And um so there were outdoor hallways
and so we uh I would have to go around
the around the building and the phone
was on the outside there. And so anyway,
picked it up and it was Captain White,
um my first contact officer, and he
said, "You're going to be he told me the
name of the my uh next contact, which
happened to be my unit commander." Um
and which kind of makes sense because I
think he was the only captain there in
in our vision or in our little area. And
so, um, he told me his name and and and
that he'll be crossing his arms and I
already knew who he was. I don't know
why this was all so clo and dagger
because all he would have said had to
say was it's your unit commander and you
can just go talk to him. Anyway, they
did all the crossing arms and stuff. And
um, so he told me when to meet him and
he'll be out front. And so I went and at
that time and did it met him and he took
me into the facility. Um we the facility
that I worked it was a a base that was
kind of had one mission but we had this
like little detachment that was part of
the base. It was on base but we had our
own little security system fences the
whole 9 yards. And cuz it was way more
classified than anything going on in the
base. And so um it has its own guard
check and its own requirements to go
through and all that and its own um
security systems in the buildings and
all. So we went in, he brought me into a
conference room and I was there with um
another person that was from my base
that the other base we just so happened
that we got assigned together and we
were going through the same
indoctrination for our job and all that.
And so he was there too and um and a
couple other people too. And so we were
being indoctrinated into the into the
program into the black project that we
were in. And um
and then as I recall I think he captain
took me aside somebody they they took
other people for a tour of the facility
and the captain said I'm going to take
Dan. And so that's when he brought me
into um
well, we talked in the conference room
first and he told me, you know, we we
talked about the the the program and and
um just, you know, small talk about the
program. You went to school and oh
great, you got certified and and you're
going to be an communicator. Isn't that
cool? you know, we just had this little
banter and and and then he took me into
the one of the uh we call them the C
vans. They're C is for communication,
but you don't have to have a
communication in the C van. It's just a
C-band. That's what they call them. And
so, um we had several C vans on site,
and one was our particular
part of the Black Project. And so, he
took me in there. It's a twoperson van.
For security reasons, there always has
to be two people in the van at all times
other than a little bit of bathroom
break here and there. Um
and
um he I asked about the the other aspect
of my job, the black project. He said,
"Don't worry about that. You'll be other
people will talk to you about that. I'm
going to talk to you about the gray
project." And so he showed me how to
open the the screen. And I already knew
how to do all this from the the previous
time, but he maybe thought I didn't. I
don't know. Or he didn't know that it
was the same system, but he showed me
how to bring up the box, the
communications box. And um just went
over the logistics of it, you know, how
I would be with this other guy, but we
couldn't intermingle as far as, you
know, he didn't know about this. And we
had what was called left seat and right
seat. Seemed like, you know, for pilots,
you know, they have the left seat and
the right seat. We had that too. The
left seat was the different aspect of
the black job, black project job. And
mine, the right seat was another aspect
of the black project, but then also mine
was the gray project. And in my
computer, I had that thing that I could
open up the dialogue box. And he said, I
asked him, you know, when is it going to
start? Do I do you know when I'm going
to start communicating or you know, he
knew nothing. He's like, all I know is
this is your box. This is your van.
That's crazy.
>> And that's all I know. So
>> So you're you're sitting across from a
guy who's doing normal classified
electronics intelligence. You're sitting
next to a guy who's doing traditional
conventional electronics intelligence
work.
>> And I was too, but
>> And you were as well, but then you had
this other
>> Yeah.
>> thing that you're doing around intuitive
communication. And that guy has no idea
what you're doing.
>> No. No. And the guy who's briefing you,
who presumably Captain White told you
about, uh, he knows very little in some
ways. Like he's giving you Did you
>> He's just the administrator. He He
doesn't know.
>> Did you ever try to kind of cross check?
Because I'm sure I'm sure along the way
you're trying to sus this project out,
you know, throughout.
>> Not the time. Not at the time, though.
Okay. No.
>> You were just taking orders.
>> Yeah. Exactly. Did you did you ever try?
>> And you have to remember also this is
before the internet before you know
you're just isolated basically. You're
intellectually isolated. You're just
following orders and that's it. You
know, today I could just get on Google
and go, you know, do all kinds of
research about stuff, but I couldn't
back then. Did you ever try to just see
if this other, you know, Air Force
officer captain who's dealing with PPD
at this or Project Preserve Destiny at
this overseas base, if his answers
coincided with what you were told
initially by Captain White to see, you
know, could kind of cross check.
>> Well, they were all coincided. They did.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Everything was the same.
>> Okay. Yeah. So there it was. It wasn't
like cuz Yeah. If I were you, I'd be
like, "Well, maybe I am getting hazed."
And I'd try to poke and like ask person
B the same questions I asked person A
and see if their answers were the same.
>> My my intentions were not as devious as
that. Fair enough. Unfortunately,
>> I just was wideeyed and bushy tailed.
That's all.
>> Sure. Sure.
>> I was just following orders.
>> But from your experience, it the answers
were mostly the same. It felt very
coherent.
>> Yeah, definitely. Yeah. And they knew
very little that it was very easy to be
coherent because there was not much to
it, you know.
>> And this was actually I think you said
in the book this guy's name was Sergeant
Larson. Is that right?
>> No, it was a captain. I think the the
Larsson was a sergeant. He was in the
room with us, but he wasn't involved
with the
>> But I I believe I believe from your
book, you asked Sergeant Larson
some questions about the secrecy, and he
went into the Onion stuff, but he didn't
say the gray black. He didn't talk about
the great black
>> during our during our black
introduction. He went into the onion
thing. Yeah. which was which which to me
is interesting because it was like he
was holding back the idea that the gray
projects are concealed within the the
black projects. And so he didn't know.
>> Okay. Interesting.
>> Yeah. He he only went up to the black
project because he probably got a at
some point a speech about onion the
onion aspect but only to the black
>> y
>> layer so to speak.
>> Cuz in your book you're you're thinking
like you know I know something you don't
know or something. Yeah.
>> Interesting.
>> That's true.
>> Okay. So you are sitting at this sort of
terminal. Does it look basically the
same as you know the NSA complex that
you were in?
>> I can't remember but they I think they
all had about the same
>> like the basic
>> Yeah. these big sun or spark I think
they were spark uh monitors that that we
had. Yeah.
>> I don't even know the brand.
>> Yeah. It was um back then, you know,
monitors were this big and and wide, you
know, big and the screen was only about
that big. So, when we had these big
Spark uh monitors,
>> everybody's like, you know, anybody that
look at it not not familiar like, "Wow,
you you got the Cadillac here. What's
going [laughter] on here? What you guys
your budget's high?" So, yeah, we had
these Spark I think they were called
Spark. I think that was the name. Sun,
Spark, something like that.
>> And so you put your headphones on, you
take the pills, same thing.
>> Yep. Um, no, no, no headphones.
>> No headphones.
>> Yeah, we didn't have headphones in the
in the van.
>> Okay.
>> Um,
uh, but you know, I had a mouse and and
the and the monitor and yeah, I took the
pills. He he told me that he had a
bottle of pills. He said, um, you have
to take these. I said, yeah, we I took
those in school, too. And he said I
said, two, right? And he goes, no, just
one. take one. I was like, "Oh, okay.
Well, it was two before, but okay. So,
I'll take one now."
>> And we had these little um each
compartment had storage units and and we
would
we would share these seats with other
people. I mean, we were the only shift.
We were one shift, but then another
shift would come in. So, we had our own
little cubby, so to speak, for each
person, and I would just keep the pills
there.
>> Okay. And so, you are in this van. is
that's your workstation now and you take
the pills and then what are you told to
do?
>> He didn't tell me to do anything. He
said it's just going to come when it
comes and and it's going to start when
it starts. That's it. That's all the
direction I got. I was like, uh
do what um is there any should I expect
anything? Is there any timing on this?
He says I have no idea. you just I'm I'm
here to tell you how to how to
facilitate what you're supposed to do
and that's it. So, it took a while. It
took um I can't remember how long, but
it was it was a while later that the
first comm came and that's when it the
ball started rolling, so to speak.
>> And when you say the first comms came,
you weren't just getting receiving
basically thoughts.
>> Yep. Um, I would receive like a
uh I think the first communication was
some like prepare prepare for receiving
or prepare for something, prepare for
communication and that would be the the
thing that would kick off like I my
attention would go towards that that
>> did those thoughts have a different
quality from your own thoughts?
>> Um, yeah. Yeah, it was it was within a
um
h it's really really really hard. Um
it was
an area of my brain and when you think
you don't think of an area like you know
when let's say you're thinking about you
know the the mic stand and you're you
don't you can't correlate where that is
in your head that you're thinking that I
mean you don't know where the synapses
are going but with um with the IC
communication
You can feel it in your brain. You can
feel now you can't you can't localize
it. It's not a localization, but I can
feel like it's in that area of my brain
right there.
>> Whoa.
>> And it's like a colorful tapestry. And
you have you can focus on this over here
or you can focus right here. You can
focus right here. You can focus over
here. You can but it's it's focused
wherever wherever that um tickle comes
from. You focus right there. Okay.
that's where it's coming from. And then
that stops and you go, "Okay, there's
something over here." So I focus on
that. And so the when the first
communication would come in, I in my
mind's eye, so to speak, the tapestry
came up and I was like, "Okay, this is
where I'm communicating right now. I'm
communicating this tapestry." That's the
only way I can really vocalize the
visualization.
>> Do you remember which parts of your
brain?
>> No. No. It was I couldn't I couldn't
localize it, you know, but I could tell
that it's in a certain area.
>> Whoa.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, somehow more of a
discrete area than the general
>> I felt it. It's more of a feel than it
is a scene, but you could feel that it's
coming from a certain area.
>> Did it feel more foreign than your
thought? Like did your do your thoughts
feel like yours and these thoughts felt
like others? It just yeah it felt like
it was external from me kind of when
compared to your own thoughts.
>> Yeah,
>> it wasn't external. It didn't feel
didn't really feel external. It was here
I know but but compared to your own
thoughts it feels very foreign and very
different.
>> So what happens next?
>> So I started uh getting communications
started receiving them. I pop up the the
window and I would start typing the
whatever I was interpreting it,
receiving. And
um at first it was just numbers. It was
um it was an idea.
Well, I would get a preamble like the
one and 18.
And this is where I'm really showing my
how long ago this was, but it was like
that. And then I think there was like a
um a fivedigit or six-digit or something
like that number after the 118 and I
never really knew what that was but was
something. I called it a zip code
because it looked like a zip code but it
wasn't. It wasn't a zip code. Um and
then SL I would do slashes after each um
focus, you know, of where in the
tapestry I'd go again. And
so I put a a slash and then I put the
whatever it was and uh it was just
numbers initially.
>> So you were almost picturing a canvas
and like words coming around.
>> No no it it wasn't no it I
>> like when you say slash how are you
you're seeing the slash?
>> No no no. um when I would receive a
communication and I'm I'm this is me um
putting this into words but it's not
necessarily exactly this but
>> this is the best way I can convey it.
>> There's this area in my brain or in my
thoughts and it's like a tapestry that
has a lot of depth and it has it can be
very colorful. I think that's just my
interpretation of of what's going on.
I think the colors would be different
for other people, but it's just it has
color to it. And so I would see in my
mind's eye, I would see that there's a
communication right in this area of that
overall tapestry, so to speak. And then
I would look at that. I mean, I would
concentrate on it. I would focus on
that. And that would be a communication.
And it would be it could be an image. It
could be a number. It could be a
feeling, a smell. It could be anything.
It could be whatever we can convey in
communication
like I could I could um make a smell
here and I can communicate that to you.
Well, that that smell would be
communicated to you and I could do that
in that too. I could I could actually
um although I don't think I ever did,
but I think I could actually get a smell
through that. I could get any type of
communication through it. So I would
look at that, focus on that and then I
would convey that and then I would put a
slash and then another area would come
into focus and I would focus on that and
then put that communication down. Put a
slash and then another area would come
up and I would put a slash. So I would
get these different communications
through these different focuses to
speak.
>> And when you say put a slash are you on
the computer on the you're typing type
the computer.
>> So you think and then you type
I would receive. Yeah. Yeah. And and
type it whatever it was that was in that
little area of the communication.
>> Okay.
>> And then I put a slash when that was
over or done or went on to another one.
So they they were they were um concepts
that were in different bites, so to
speak.
>> So as soon as you comprehended a
particular concept, you would put a
slash and then you'd get another
communication. But I would I would see
it not not visually, but I would know
that it was there. I could feel it in
another area and I would concentrate on
that and I could get that.
>> Did you?
>> And were you thinking in words or were
you thinking in content when you were
receiving?
>> Yeah. I would have to because we're
humans so we
>> you'd have to translate it immediately.
Yeah.
>> Exactly. Well, it it wasn't so much a
translation as
>> like would it come through? It would
come through in that it would come
through in that whatever it was that I
was
>> um uh reporting.
>> Yeah.
>> Um like in that area I would see the
numbers. I would see 4 5 7 8 2 and I
would type that and then later on when I
started getting visual stuff I would see
like a little like one time I I saw um a
missile um
uh being launched and or not it wasn't a
missile it was a rocket rocket
>> and um I could see around the payload
area I could see the seams and a and a
like it had blown blown up. I could
actually see that in my in that
tapestry, so to speak. And so I would I
would describe that. I mean, like rocket
blowing up and I mean, you could get
into a a higher or a lower level of
detail depending on how much time you
had to type and but and and the visual
wasn't there for long either. It would
just come and I would see it and then it
would it would fade out. Did you try to
correlate the thoughts or messages you
were receiving with real events? So,
like that rocket blowing up, did you
hook up? You know, I mean, that's hard
to do. You don't have the internet. But
>> I I did um
um there was a it was in the news. I
think there was a um a Chinese launch of
a of a rocket that had blown up.
I don't remember whether I correlated it
with that or not, but I I remember
looking that up and seeing that, but I
don't remember if it was the same one
that I
>> that you received. Yeah.
>> Because in your book you say like
Arianne like you know certain company
launches you felt like you were tapping
into the actual rockets launching which
is fascinating like
>> Well, I think it was just um whoever's
got their fingers on the pulse of
whatever is going on here. I think it
was their um way of testing my ability
to convey different types of messages,
you know, different different um genre,
so to speak.
>> Yeah.
>> And and it could have been, you know,
they were testing my ability to describe
what was going on in a in a military
type of functioning or the, you know,
mechanical and and all the stuff that
went along what I saw, you know. Did I
describe was it white or would I
describe the length of it or what would
I actually describe when given that
message and so kind of testing and I'm
sure everybody else who was doing a the
was an IC in the system was getting the
same types of things so that they can
see who is better at what or this is
what I was thinking later on when I
thought about this is that it could have
been like a who testing who is able to
do what?
>> At what point do you start speaking with
aliens?
>> Um, that was it. That was during that
time. That was a coming from an alien.
>> And and does that alien reveal itself as
having a personality?
>> Um, yeah. the the first one he was I
sensed a very logical structure and and
um
I look back on it now I don't think I
really um kind of
I didn't put it in the best words back
when I wrote the book but I but I look
on it now and I think it was the um I
did say in the book that I think I said
that he was very logical it was very um
more structured. The communication was a
little bit more structured
and it wasn't as you know that tapestry
that I tal about. It wasn't as um his
wasn't as um
>> um
abstract or Yeah, it was much more
>> I I wish I had more experiences of more
aliens so I could see the differences
because
>> I only saw two and the and Spock the
first one he was um his tapestry and
again I just say tapestry because I
don't know how to explain it but um his
fog, so to speak, or whatever, was very
um very linear. It was
>> uh in my mind's eye, it was very
straight like this. His communications
were in a straight line.
>> Like the the one area would have one
piece of communication and then it would
be right here and then it' be right here
and it'd be right here and then it' be
right here and right. So it was very
straight. And
>> does he introduce himself or you call
him Smog?
>> No. Okay. So, I guess I have to explain
that. Uh um the reason why I No, I I
never got a name from him or anything
like that, but
his communications were very logical.
And so, my friend and I were we were
Star Trek fans, and I just thought it
was funny just to to refer to him as
Spock and and and I wasn't referring to
him to anybody else. So, the joke was
lost on on the world until I wrote my
book. But
>> did you address him directly when you're
sending messages back? Did you address
him as Spock or
>> No, no, no, no. I I never No, I never
said that. Um I I don't even know if he
would know who Spock was. So,
>> we don't know either, do we? Maybe we
don't even know it's a he
>> Well, I think there
>> I guess no, but but I did sense that it
was a male male energy. And um
>> what is Spock saying to you?
>> Well, it was all very very um number
oriented. It wasn't until I got to my
second base that I started getting the
imagery type stuff. Um but the first was
very
uh Spock. Well, okay. So,
at the end of my time at first, the
first base um
I was doing a communication. and I was
receiving something and the only reason
that I would communicate back to him is
like, "Can you repeat that or can you
say that again or do that again?" Um, I
there was no real back and forth, but I
went into,
and this is the hardest thing to
explain, I think. Um, and I say plain,
but it was um
I wanted to ask him a question. So I was
really hesitant to do that. I wanted to
start asking questions and I was I was
trying to get up the the courage to
break from the formality of our
communications so that I could ask a
question and I really didn't know how to
do that intuitively. I didn't know I
didn't know um what the protocol would
be for that. I was receiving stuff and I
could actually convey messages back as
far as feedback and stuff, but I didn't
know what the the the formality would be
to have an informal conversation or or
to ask something that had nothing to do
with our communication. Mhm.
>> So I I think it was because I was so
um anxious or um
uh charged about it that I
I asked him a question, but then it w it
it was the weirdest thing because it
went into another I I say plain, but I
can't really explain. It was a different
it was a different tapestry. Let's just
say that way. You know, the the tapestry
that I keep on alluding to. It was a
like a
um you know how I said you can focus
further away and then closer you know
like the lens that I told you about the
camera.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
>> this one was
like a
like a macro like it came came closer to
me and it was and it was different. It
was different than the the um tapestry
that I keep talking about. Anyway, so I
asked him a question in this plane and I
didn't and it shocked me when I did that
it because when I asked the question I
was just asking it in the other realm so
to speak but when I did that it came up
closer
again closer isn't a proximity but it
was just my my way of explaining the
visual of it in my head. Um
and and so I asked the question and then
I also shocked myself cuz I was like
that's a different I I said that
differently. It went out differently.
>> Yeah.
>> And then he
I sensed he was also shocked like I
didn't realize that you could do that.
>> [laughter]
>> I can't remember his the exact
communication, but um and so I I asked
questions and honestly I can't remember
a lot of the questions I asked. I I I'm
>> What was the So you have this different
plane of communication initially when
you're communicating with Spock. He's
just giving you like strings of number
like things that don't mean much to you
or
>> Yeah. Well, I mean none of it Well,
until we got to the imagery part, it
none of it really meant anything to me.
Um,
>> so it was like you were just relaying
this information to just a conduit
>> the NSA
>> and but you didn't really know what you
were relaying.
>> Yeah, exactly. But then when I asked
these that I asked a question and and
again I can't remember the name what the
question was but um
he he seemed shocked and I I said am I
allowed to speak like this in this realm
or I can't remember how how I said it
but like at this level and and he said
yeah it's it's fine and we just didn't
realize that you could and I'm
paraphrasing of course my thoughts but
we just didn't realize that you could do
that. And I was like, "Oh, okay. So, is
this okay?" And he goes, "Yeah, it's
fine." But um but he didn't want to but
again, he didn't want to chat, though. I
mean, it wasn't a I don't think it was
it was in the purview of the the program
to chat with these people. It was or
these humans, you know, it was just the
the testing that was going on. But I was
able to ask, you know, the questions I
wrote in the book that, you know, I had
some questions and overall overall
impressions of what I got from those
questions.
>> What are what are some of those
questions that you ask?
>> Well, like the like the um how do they
get here? How do they travel? And about
time because I've always been interested
in time.
>> Yeah.
>> I asked him about going back and forward
in time and he said you can't really go
back and forward in time because time is
a relative thing. So you don't know if
if you're going back then what are you
coming back from? There's there's no
there's no solid moment in time that you
can measure from to go back and forward
from. So but he said you can go around
time and I didn't really understand when
he was telling me that
I was not understanding what he was
saying by saying that. I mean, there
wasn't any um it wasn't a thesis written
out so that I can analyze it. He just
gave me the impression that you can go
around time. And I think that's how they
do their travel, too, is is they they
use time, but in in a way that we really
can't we don't really understand.
>> Could be like in a higher dimensional
space or something. I mean this is all
you know total speculation but like
maybe you know you think about the
fourth dimension of time
>> or time as humans know it and it is this
linear you know permanently progressing
thing you get in the river you know
that's the kind of metaphor you know and
and you you can't get out you know but
if you had a higher dimensional you know
temporal dimension or something you
might be able to you know jump in and
out or so like think about actually like
a like a tesseract you you know, and the
tesseract is is is is uh curling around
or whatever. It's like kind of like a
sine wave or like a snake or something.
Um, and you think of that as, you know,
3D 3D uh uh you know, inside of it or
whatever. So, you have like north,
south, east, west, above sea level,
below sea level. So, you have three
degrees of motion. And um you know if
you were to you could hop from this part
of the coil to this part of the coil or
whatever and that would be actually like
a very short distance if you had some
higher abstraction of time.
>> Yeah.
>> But it wouldn't if that was all you had.
Right.
>> And that's where the wormholes come in
where you come from one one aspect of
the temporal to the next aspect of the
temporal so you can travel between the
two.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. It's I I didn't really I didn't
understand it and I just kind of it it
was my understanding of my rudimentary
level of communication, you know, of
knowing knowledge and in time and all
that. That's where I I distilled it to
that. He said around time, but he could
have meant something different too. I
don't know.
>> Well, John Wheeler, the famous Princeton
physicist, thought that there might be
Wheeler tunnels everywhere, which are
basically little wormholes or black
holes. Nobody knows what happens beyond
the event horizon of the black hole. And
so, and then obviously time and gravity
have this really important connection
and you get these super dense, you know,
formations like black holes, time moves
slower. And so you you know,
theoretically Yeah.
>> Yeah. It's it's it it definitely was
fascinating and just the little bit that
I did get from him, it blew my mind. Um
and he also um mentioned uh we talked
about uh the sun. He said that
I I I in particular remember this one
because he um he was so
um
very
it's almost as if they respected our son
>> um more than you would think that and
you know we take the sun for granted.
it's just the sun, you know, that that's
where we get sunlight and energy and and
it's no big deal.
>> But he he kind of I felt it was more of
a reverence uh um feeling towards the
sun because he was talking about how we
really don't understand the the value of
our son
>> and that we will at some point
eventually understand it.
>> It's funny. I um had an off record
conversation, so I won't say who it was
with, but with somebody who I think is
knowledgeable around UFO reverse
engineering programs.
>> And he made this analogy of the sun
being some sort of like portal to other
star systems.
>> And I don't know, you think about the
history of the sun is so interesting.
You have Ankottton, you know, the the
sun god. And even if you read Isaac
Azimov wrote a book called the kingdom
of the sun where it talks about the
changing conception of humanity's
understanding of the sun and you read
about you know capernicus who you know
theorized the heliocentric universe and
he had this very mystical conception of
the sun that went well beyond just him
thinking it was some you know lynch pin
or whatever necessaril necessary for you
know uh uh planetary orbits or whatever.
>> Um so I don't know. Yeah, it's it's um
and we are, you know, we are discovering
more and more about the sun and we
sending probes and and all that and it's
still a very wide open discovery
platform I think for science.
>> Definitely. And yeah, I think you write
in your book that Spock even said that
your scientists are just now figuring
out how the sun generates energy. And
you know you have obviously cartesev
scales which kind of measure you know
how advanced a civilization is and you
know level two would be basically
creating a Dyson sphere which is
harnessing the energy of the sun. So
maybe
>> not in our lifetime but
>> maybe not in our lifetime [laughter] but
I mean the sun is a fusion generator and
you know there are nuclear fusion
startups now which is you know
controlled fusion is this holy grail of
energy generation. So
>> absolutely. So anyway, that those are
those were the kind of the highlights.
Um
it it it wasn't a treasure trove of
information and I wish it was because it
would make the book a lot more
interesting, that's for sure. But it was
um these are just kind of the
impressions that I got and it was a it
was a a fascinating experience. I can't
really emphasize enough that it is
something that our world is slowly
coming to terms with. I've actually been
asked just recently to um be part of a
um congressional, you know, testimony
and all that stuff. And there's a
there's a certain project that's out
they they've labeled it project
disclosure or something like that.
Uh-huh.
>> We're slowly
>> slowly getting to that point where the
government is going to have to say
something or give some some little
tidbit of information to the world
because
>> you would think the the pressure is just
so high.
>> You just can't explain it away through
campfire stories anymore. Uh, I just
want to get back to the core details of
the Spock thing. So, did did are you
seeing a gray alien in your mind's eye?
Okay. No,
>> I never saw any visualization of of
their what they look like.
>> So just just you having semantic
concepts kind of come into your your
mind.
>> Yeah.
>> Tapestry. I have the same stereotypical
view of an alien that everybody else
has. I don't have any. Um although when
I see an alien like um you know a a
fictional character or whatever, I
always
um I always put I overlay my
communications onto that so that it it
becomes a little bit more um important
or not important but uh it has a
different aspect to it when I look at an
alien as opposed to somebody else looks
at an 89.
>> Yeah, I know. I imagine has a very
different connotation like I know
something like that is probably real.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
>> did did you have any sort of feeling
towards Spock? Did you develop a liking
to him or were you like you know this is
some foreign weird thing that I'm Yeah.
>> No it well I think it largely has to do
with the fact that we never really
became intimate as far as our
conversations. So you kind of
>> it it it might as well have just been
the the computer at the school as far as
I was concerned other than
>> um the the the the
colorful um not colorful the the detail
of the of what I was communicating
through know my tapestry so to speak. Um
that was different. I mean that was all
new to me. M
>> it I was able to tap into it easily
because of my training,
>> but the training never I never saw that
that um
venue of communication
>> until I actually got the communications
from the aliens. Until then, it was very
it was very um um
it was very
clean. It was um what's it? What's the
word? U san it was sanitized. Sanitized.
Yeah. It was very
uh clean.
>> It's almost like you were like a human
antenna or something or a conduit or
Yeah.
>> Yeah. I I kind of um look at it as like
a it was chromatic.
>> That type of communication was chromatic
whereas this was very organic and very
colorful and very um
um clear. You know, there was a lot of
clarity to it. Was there anything
special about the base where you were
like maybe I'm being asked to do this
project preserve destiny and communicate
with aliens because this base is located
in a particular place that's unique or
has some equipment that might be
>> good for alien communications or
>> well
um the project that I worked on I mean
other than um project preserve destiny
the black project was a very
interesting into itself. I mean, that
that would be that would be a a podcast
that anybody would love to hear because
it was just so interesting. Um,
>> and it had to do with electromagnetic
stuff, but um
>> interesting.
>> Uh, it was I don't I don't know if there
would be any correlation between the
two.
>> I mean, other than just being the cover
for it. Yeah, because I I think I don't
know there there guys that come up in
UFO lore like Robert Sarbacher and he
was actually I just we were talking
about Whitley Strieber before this
started rolling and
>> he was looking into Whitley Strieber.
They were about to meet the day he died
but he was this guy Sarbacher ran R&D
under Vanavar Bush like he was basically
Vanavar Bush's heir. He ran the whole
Washington you know uh national labs. He
was like an atomic energy kind of
godfather in the United States.
>> And he in 1987 towards the end of his
life started to come out and write
letters to UFO researchers like this guy
William Steinman and say you know um the
UFO rumors are substantially true.
Vanavar Bush was involved in this
project as was John von Noman and all
these things and he wrote a book called
ultra high frequency engineering. I I
wonder if his vector in the whole UFO
thing was some sort of communication
modality with the aliens that was maybe
>> what was the
>> on that side of the electromagnetic
spectrum.
>> What was the content of the book? What
what did it what did it talk about?
>> You know, it's Chinese to me. It's like
extremely esoteric.
>> It talked about radio though as far as
waves, electromagnetic energy. Is that
what it was?
>> Yeah. I don't know what what what exact
spectrum, but I I I
>> No, I don't mean the spectrum. I just
mean in general. about about
electromagnetic energy.
>> Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly.
>> Well, and but was it was it about um the
government's involvement with it or just
>> No, it was just a general sort of
textbook on it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Interesting.
>> I don't know.
>> Did you at any point think that maybe
this wasn't an alien on the other end of
the communication? And you were just
being told that because I do think this
is the what makes this whole topic so
tricky is that in certain cases the
reverse dynamic of what you just of what
we've been talking about this entire
time. Sometimes you're not tagging a
gray project with a black project, but
you're tagging a black project with a
gray fake gray thing to catch spies. You
know, it's this classic intelligence
move. Say you had some like anti-gravity
vehicle or whatever. You'd call it alien
and then you'd write a bunch of fake
documents that you know talk about
aliens or whatever and then it would
like you it'd be like putting like a die
into a pipe and you'd see the
communication trail
>> and you'd catch Soviet spies or you know
you do also throw people off the trail
or whatever. Maybe you'd initiate
recruits cuz it would be sort of a
puzzle for them to figure out. So it
like serve all these purposes to
actually call black stuff alien. So did
you ever think maybe I was actually I'm
actually just communicating with you
know in a way that breaks physics which
is fascinating or the physics as we know
it but humans through more mind matter
parasychological means now we have like
the telepathy tapes one of the most
popular podcasts in the US uh earlier
this year you're probably familiar
>> I I heard the name yeah
>> talks about these like uh non-verbal
often autistic children uh who you know,
can telepathically communicate and
commune on this sort of hill. It's
absolutely fascinating. They sort of
send each other images um at really high
accuracy rates. And so, did you ever
think maybe you were part of a human
parasychology program and they were
tagging it with the alien thing?
>> Um, I gave that some thought. Um,
especially when I was writing the book,
I I wanted to kind of flesh out my my
thoughts on on
um how it how it was um
how it would be interpreted in to the
public, you know, and and what people
would ascribe to my experience and how
they would uh try to block or try to get
it off it
and go into other other areas. And so I
did think of that and I I guess it's
possible, you know, it's it's not
impossible obviously cuz I never saw an
alien. I never even visually I never saw
an alien and never got any indicator as
to what um they were human or not. Um
but I I can say that the the way the
communications happened unless
um unless we've we've somehow
gained the ability to do that in some
way the the style of communication was
very foreign to how our minds think.
Yeah. So maybe on this plane even if you
have two humans that is kind of the
standard by which you would communicate
in that in that way even between two
humans but I I got this distinct
um impression that it was not human.
>> Yeah. But you're also talking about
strings of numbers and like like it does
feel foreign. The the way it's being
communicated doesn't feel like it's
interesting. I mean there are non-verbal
tribes, indigenous tribes that talk
about the ancient language where they
are able to kind of communicate
telepathically with each other and there
are people with mind melds going on you
know like couples over long periods of
time and that sort of thing twins I mean
there are the classic example um
>> and so
this felt like a different variety
>> yeah but the communications I would
think anyway the communications in that
way would still be human type of
communications cuz we think in a
>> that's what I'm saying. This felt
qualitatively different as far as what
was coming in.
>> Yeah. And I and I can't and I can't
really um attribute it to or can't
compare it to anything else that that I
could vocalize to you. It's just
completely different.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean there are
theoretical way like have you heard of
bone induction? Do you know what that
is? Well, I've seen those speakers, you
know, that you can put around your your
neck or whatever, and they had the bone
induction. Exactly. You can hear sound.
>> Classic example is Beethoven was deaf
and so like he would uh actually uh bite
onto a conductive rod that was connected
with his piano and he would play notes
and then he would hear it because it
would bypass his ear canal. Mhm.
>> And so there are ways to communicate
semantic information that bypass the
traditional kind of auditory track. And
actually the director of the NSA while
you were in your program was this guy
Bobby Rayman who's on a record talking
about UFOs with this UFO researcher
named Bob Oxler. I don't know if you
know about this on a phone call. Do do
you uh anticipate that any of the
recovered vehicles would ever be uh
become available for uh technological
research outside of the uh military
circles?
>> Again, I honestly don't know.
>> Uh 10 years ago, the answer would have
been no.
>> Yeah.
>> Whether as time has evolved, they're
beginning to become more open on it is a
possibility. He he then goes on to, you
know, work at SIC. It's this, you know,
big military contractor that, you know,
made tons of money during Star Wars and,
you know, strategic defense initiative.
And then they got into psych
psychotronic research and psychotronic
weaponry and stuff. And so it's always
this question for me is like what came
first? Is it the alien stuff or is it
the weird MK Ultra like kind of, you
know, like embedded implant sort of, you
know, communication stuff?
>> And I, you know, it's funny. I I I
definitely don't shake out that old
human technology explains all of this
stuff. Like I I think your story is like
a great example of that, but it's such
an interesting history.
>> Yeah. So I don't I I just back to your
original question. I think that um I'm
pretty convinced it was alien. Yeah.
>> But there's no way that I could prove it
in court. So
>> yeah. Well, no, that's an intellectually
honest uh, you know, readout and I I
appreciate that and you know, it's I
think it's extremely fascinating either
way, but I
>> that's true. I mean, even if it were two
humans, it would still be fascinating.
>> Still breaking paradigm physics and and
also a totally, you know, new area for
the NSA nobody thinks they're involved
with, but I uh I, you know, after
reading your book, going through all
your stuff, watching all your
interviews, I I also think it's
genuinely alien. But um, okay. So, uh,
that was the first base. Uh, you take a
sip of water. We can Yeah,
>> we can do it on camera, too.
>> Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, we can
always Yeah. be Yeah.
>> At least we don't have the cigars like
>> Rogan. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Are you a fan
of his?
>> Yeah. Yeah. He's he's um interesting.
I've been a fan of his as a comedian,
too. I mean, he his comedy is
>> epic.
>> Yeah. He's he's amazing. I think he's so
cool. I think he's such a good good guy
and he's so genuinely curious and all
this stuff.
>> Yeah. Oh yeah, definitely. He's a
curious mind. I love that. I love when
people are curious.
>> Yes.
>> And not um semantic and wrote and you
know just within your own box and not
want to look out
>> at other things. That's good.
>> I think it's fear. It's like in you if
you can't integrate something with your
worldview, you have this like immune
reaction to it. You just you don't want
to look at it.
>> Well, we're going through that.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure you sometimes
get that. It's funny like sometimes I'm
like, "Yeah, I run a podcast on UFOs."
And people like, "Oh, cool." And they
like move on. We start talking about the
weather or something. I'm sure usually
like maybe you occasionally tell people,
"Yeah, I was, you know, recruited by the
NSA to decode alien signals." Oh, cool.
Yeah. Well, um, what are you doing after
this? Like, do you ever get that
reaction?
>> Oh, definitely.
>> Where it's like not even like they're
not even capable of like holding it in
their worldview. I I um but I have the
opposite effect really in that I mean
for me anyway I don't really want to
talk about it. So because because it
makes people uncomfortable.
>> I believe that.
>> So it's like I'll say well once I get to
know somebody I won't say it initially
but you know if they start we get to
know each other um I'll say yeah and I I
um I don't know if you know but I wrote
a book and and they'll go oh really what
is it? You know and I'll say I'll say
the name of it. I say, "It's on Amazon.
You can, you know, above black search
for it." And
>> and um
>> and then I wait for them
>> to come back.
>> Yeah. To come back. And if they just
never mention it again, I'm like, "Cool,
>> I'm good."
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> But, you know, if they have a genuine c
curiosity, then I'm open to that, too.
>> No, it's a great filtering process.
>> Yeah. It's because just saying it to
people and springing it on them. Yeah. I
communicated with aliens.
Okay.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Time was it?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. No, I get and it's like you you
also I mean are refreshingly
nonhistrionic in your personality like
it I don't doesn't feel like you have
some like you know desire for attention.
you have the you have the certain
segment and I'm sure you're familiar
with it of this of this world
>> that is very I mean I went to um
>> conferences when I when I first released
a book I would be invited to all kinds
of conferences UFO conferences and alien
conferences and and holy moly the people
that I would
>> interface with I mean it was
>> often it's extreme narcissism too it's
like this solopscistic
like I I am a star seed. I was sent here
from Arctus and I am going to enlighten
everybody. And it's like come on. Like
>> do you really really you're the messiah?
Like [laughter] it's just cra it's
crazy.
>> I one conference I went to one time um
had a bunch of like uh I don't know
alternative stuff going on and um
experiences and things. And one guy had
the stigmata.
>> You know you're you're familiar with
that? Oh yeah,
>> that stuff.
>> And he had an open wound like right in
the middle of his forehead like an
bleeding.
>> Uhhuh.
>> And he would uncover it because we were
at a convention of things that you know
people came here to see. So he would
uncover it for people. But he usually
kept it covered.
>> I didn't even know what to do.
>> He did that to himself. There's no way.
I I'm I'm and then I think you know I
story my story is in amongst all this.
I'm like chance do I have? I mean
[laughter] yeah yeah
[laughter]
alien.
>> Guy. Well, I think the stigmata guy, you
know, is trying to compete against
people like you who are just like, I
don't remember fully what happened, but
this is what I think happened. And, you
know, uh, but I, you know, the core
details are very verifiable. And, uh,
>> well, it's it's kind of why I kind of
left the scene
>> because I really, I mean, my story is my
story. You read in the book and
>> that's it. I mean, I'm not I'm not
trying to,
you know, become a star. I'm not trying
to get be become a celebrity at this. I
I just put out my story for people to
gel with whatever their stories are. And
it's a piece of the puzzle
>> and that's all I'm good for. I mean, I
don't need to
>> just let me hide over here in the corner
somewhere.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> And I get, you know, I get I get pinged
on Twitter all the time and and and it's
I I don't know what to say. I'm like,
can I call you? I'm like, oh,
>> really? Can can you ask my question? I
ask question via text cuz I've talked to
>> dozens of people and it's just
>> I wrote it in the book. I mean I I don't
what else do you need to know? So the
the I love this this format here because
we can talk about other things like
stigmata and things like that and put
kind of put color to it and but for the
most part I just don't need to talk
about this anymore because there's
plenty of other people talking about it.
It's in the book. And
>> well, I'm honored you said yes to me.
Why did you say yes to me?
>> Well, um, you have a good charm over
text. Very, very, very good charm. And
now in person, the same. So, that's
good. Um, I just I wanted it to be I
wanted to be a
>> a clearing house, so to speak, for
whatever I have to say vocally to
people.
>> Yeah.
>> About the book. We're probably, I would
assume, going to cover pretty much the
entire thing.
>> Yes.
>> And and so it's out there and at my age,
you know, I want to get it at the point
where I'm still, you know, smiling and
and thinking clearly and all that stuff.
>> Um
>> and and then I just want to let it let
it go into the ether and and
>> it's well researched, well documented,
well talked, you know, and it doesn't
really need to be
>> um beaten.
like a dead horse.
>> Well, I'm honored you said yes and I I
do think we're going to package
something in a way that you know, right
now it's uh it is these really
structured we were talking about this
earlier like kind of you know baby
boomer kind of legacy media like so this
happened and then this happened and then
this happened. [clears throat]
>> Well, and it's a question and answer. Um
>> yeah,
>> all the the the interviews that I've had
up to this point were not podcasted
before podcasts were even a thing. So it
was very my last one was in Florida and
it was it was a very nice very nice crew
just like your crew very nice people but
but it was very structured it was very
question and then answer question and
answer and
>> and it was very heavily edited you know
for time and all that so I just came
across as very um
>> you you couldn't see well that begets
skepticism now like when you see the
like the even the late night talk shows
or like the you know the the prime time
broadcasts or whatever and it's this
like
>> very like done up you know manicured
like like you know set thing where it's
like the producers were in touch with
the guests prior clearly
>> we're going to go over this
>> go over all these things like it's funny
you should ask that well I was on
vacation with my family or whatever it's
like what do you that's so weird and
then you have honestly Rogan's the
biggest innovator in
>> OG him and like Mark Maron and stuff
where it's just was fully just off the
cuff and you get a sense for you're this
voyer looking into a conversation that's
happening super organically and
naturally and you can sus out what's you
know real and what's fake and
>> yeah personalities have a lot to do with
people's um um authenticity
>> yes totally well I'm you know I'm I'm
I'm happy because I I watched all your
interviews and I was like this guy seems
very sane and you seem even more sane in
Wait to see my stigmata. [laughter]
>> Exactly. Well, you know, something
funny. You were saying that, you know,
this guy who's probably crazy and might
be a hemophiliac if his wound was open
this entire conference. Uh was uh you
know, saying that that he, you know, had
a stigmata. Uh you know, one of the
first guys to receive uh stigmata was
St. Francis of Aisi post Jesus. This is
I think 13th century Italy on Mount
Lever. And there's this religious
studies professor named name named Diana
Pulka and she basically says if you look
at the original translation of what
happened to St. Francis, it was probably
just an interaction with a UFO and he it
received sort of electromagnetic, you
know, damage.
>> Look at you bringing stigmata back to my
story. That's what I'm saying. What a
host. [laughter]
>> Yeah. You know, we do what we can.
>> That's awesome.
>> Yeah. Okay, so we're midway through the
story. So, we talked about Project
Preserve Destiny base one, which was
overseas somewhere.
>> There was a second base. Is that right?
>> So, you you leave base one. Are you just
like back into your normal Air Force
electronics intelligence job or what do
you do?
>> Yeah. All of it's under the oposis of
that. Okay. Um and then I get I get
orders. That base is actually I I close
that base down. um the base itself
closed, the entire base, not just our
aspect of it.
>> Okay.
>> So, um I went to my next base and um
same thing. Got you know read in as far
as security clearances and for that
place it took like I don't know 30 days
for my security clearances to come in.
So, I had no job. It was like I was just
free to do whatever I wanted to do.
Yeah. Just hanging out.
>> Actually, funny story. I
you're supposed to stay within the area,
you know, because if they call you, you
have to get there when they tell you to
get there.
>> And I took a chance and I drove
>> just about to say the state, but I um I
drove to a friend's house. It was about
a
uh
4 hour drive, something like that. Four
or five hour. And they called me when I
got there. They called me in and said,
"You need to be here at 8:00 in the
morning." And I
was like, "Oh my gosh, I got to get
back." And it was a blizzard. There was
a blizzard the entire way home. And I
almost didn't make it back because of
the blizzard. And so, um, the the moral
of that story is do what they tell you
to do and stay in the local area when
you have a 30-day,
>> uh, hiatus. Anyway, yes, I so my
clearances got um was finally there and
I got
um for that one. I went into my job and
I was working my regular job and the
introduction happened by the previous
captain actually showing up at my job in
on the floor where I was working and I
was like, "Oh, hey C. What's what's up?
I didn't even know you were in the
States. I I I didn't know where he went
from from where we were before. And so,
you know, we kind of had a nice friendly
back and forth. And
>> so, this is the guy you pseudonymously
named Captain White or
>> uh yeah, whoever was the captain at I I
can't remember the names now, but the
the captain at the birth base
>> at the Yeah. Okay.
>> It was my former contact. He was he was
relaying to me my next contact who was a
captain and at station at that base and
um and so they were together and so I
got a a an inerson interaction this time
as opposed to over the phone or whatever
and then he took me over to the computer
screen and I had already I had already
looked it up. I'd already done the thing
and I saw that it was there. So, he
didn't really even have to tell me. But,
um, but I knew who my contact was now.
So, that was the most important thing.
>> And same thing, you go to this sort of
workstation terminal. Is it in a van
this time as well or?
>> This was in a big room, big air
conditioned room. It was um
uh this was the previous base was very
small. We had like 25, 50 people,
something like that in our detachment.
very everybody knew one another. It was
very small knit or close-knit. Um but
the next base it was a very big base,
very big uh detachment. Um
uh we had a multi-service, Air Force,
Navy, Marines, everybody was there in
the same building. Um and so it was a
big room. Uh but I wasn't as close to
the people around me either. So I had a
little bit more space to do my thing.
Um, so nobody was hovering over me or
right next to me or whatever.
And, uh, that took a couple maybe a
couple months before I started receiving
uh, maybe not that long after I got
briefed or into, you know, my security
clearances and I started doing my job.
Um, I started receive communications
again, prepare for communications, like,
"Oh, okay. Well, here we go. I'm at
work. Let's go."
and [clears throat]
started to um translate those and
same thing you know just
>> same variety as the f as
>> well no actually the communication has
changed themselves but I'm just saying
the the whole process I every once in a
while I just get a communication just
like I did at the previous space
>> and you're just sitting at your
workstation monitor yeah sometimes I was
in the bathroom I mean I could be
anywhere in the building
>> you'd receive communications wherever
>> yeah it but I was always in the
building. So,
>> you'd always be in the building and then
you'd go to the workstation and
>> yeah, they they
>> type it.
>> Whoever was
overseeing this whole thing, they knew
where I was kind of locationwise. I was
at work, so they knew my shift.
>> So, once you received some sort of
message, you'd go to the the monitor and
you'd type in slash and you'd type in
whatever messages you receive and
>> 118 then the five digit code. But the
rest of the communication there was a
lot of a lot of this one this marked a
time when I became much more um it
became much more detailed. The
communications were much more detailed.
>> How so? What were they like?
>> Very like pictures, images. Yeah, these
communications they were they were much
more uh colorful. Um, I think uh also
you could get a
an emo kind of a a sense of an emotion
with the images. So it wasn't uh you
know like when you watch a movie and you
see somebody crying or you see you can
get emotion through visual and not just
auditory not you know seeing I mean um
hearing um but you know like words and
stuff but you can see and these and
these images that I saw they didn't have
words to them I saw images but no words
but I I felt emotion I could feel
emotion with the image um not
necessarily all the time, but if it
meant to have emotion, then I could feel
emotion. Um,
now whether that was conveyed with the
message or whether I had emotion looking
at the visual, I don't I can't really,
you know, sus that as far as which uh
which was the generator of it, the image
or me. But I did feel emotion with some
of the images. Um, so it was very much
more colorful. Um,
>> do you remember any of the specifics of
what was coming through?
>> Oh, like the example of the rocket that
was one of the ones that I got is that
was a visual. Um
Um,
>> cuz you also you also experienced a
rocket failure in base one as well.
>> No, I think that the visuals were at the
V
>> base two, not base one. That's so
interesting that it's like rockets
specifically cuz if you were
>> Well, that's what I remembered. There's
a lot of other like scenes at a grocery
store,
>> like random things.
>> Okay.
>> Um
I saw some troop movements before. I saw
like uh jeeps and and um two and a half
ton deuces or whatever they're called,
the the big troop carrying trucks. um
marching, you know, troop marching. Um I
saw um
see
some nature stuff like in the forest,
uh animals, things like that.
>> Did they feel like things of particular
strategic importance or like were they
just random?
>> Well, no. I I really honestly believe
the entire process or the the the entire
time that I was doing this was all
testing.
>> It wasn't it wasn't didn't have any
functionality to it.
>> Was this alien being that you're now
speaking to the same as Spock? Was it
different?
>> No, this was a different one. Um, I only
know that based on the the uh the
quality of the communication because it
I would I could say that if I were
talking to you on the phone and and then
you put, you know, somebody else on the
phone like a a lady, I could tell that
that was two people, even another guy, I
could tell it was two people. And that
in the same way with this communication,
you can you can definitely tell that the
communication is different. It has a
different flavor, a different um
substance to it. sub. Um, like the
tapestry analogy that I meant, it's a
different type of tapestry. So, I think
every I would assume when you're comm
when I'm communicating with them, I have
a certain tapestry that they're tapping
into.
>> Did you have a nickname for this alien
thing?
>> Yes, I did.
>> What was that?
>> Um, well, I started on the the the Star
Trek theme, so I just continued it with
Bones. And and I only said bones because
I thought it was just a funny or I used
that because it was funny. But there was
no really correlation with the first
one. There was a correlation because he
was logical. And so I was like, "Oh,
that's cool. Let's let's name him
Spock." But the second one was just a
continuation of the the naming schem.
>> Did you ever try to ask Bones or Spock
personal questions like where do you
come or
>> Well, yeah. for for Bones. I became more
adept at doing that because I had just
discovered this new plane with with uh
um with Spock, but then I left soon
after. We shut down that that
communications there because the base
base was closing and the CVAM was being
>> uh closed up and you know um packed up
and all that. So, um, I wasn't able to
do anymore with with Spock, but Bones, I
continued that theme because I almost in
almost immediately I tried that new
plane that I was telling you about, the
the closer one, and he was also
fairly um I wouldn't say shocked, but he
was inquisitive about like, really, you
could do that? That's interesting. And
and so we used that or I used it to
and I don't think I needed to looking
back at it. I could have just used the
regular um tapestry or plane or whatever
you want to call it. Um but I kind of
associated this in my mind. I associated
that other one, the closer one, with a
more informal communication. So that's
what I would always use for my
questions. And so I had questions for
Bones and I think that a lot of the ones
that we went over already are the ones
that came from Bones. But
>> well, you you also I think asked both
Bones and Spock, is it okay that we're
communicating like this from the
perspective of this national security
program that you're involved with? And I
think they both said the same thing. Is
that right? What did they both say? They
they said it it it's there's no I can't
remember the exact um but he basically
said that there's no problem. I mean
it's not a big deal.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. It's communicating is
communicating is
>> and I think they both almost express
they're like we don't quite know what
the you know exact protocols are of your
like human program so it's cool with us
like it doesn't matter you know from our
perspective. seemed like they were kind
of like a uh on the same track as I was
like um they're just being doing what
they were being told too,
>> right?
>> You know, kind of
>> like maybe they have officers on the
alien side and they're like they have
need to know and they don't really have
they have a limited information set and
they're just
>> now they did they did um shut down
communications a lot when I when I tried
to ask things that they didn't want to
answer. They would just shut down. Um,
but but I didn't get the sense that
there was a certain way that things
needed to happen. They were I think they
were more interested in the testing of
my ability to communicate. Yeah.
>> Than they were necessarily the content.
Now, of course,
>> I I'm sure they had off limit types of
subjects that they couldn't talk about.
But um for the most part when when I did
ask a question they would give some sort
of an answer at least or shut down.
>> Yeah. Or they'd seem like kind of koi
and like you know give you some
highlevel like riddle or something.
>> Well I don't think they tried to riddle.
It's just that my feeble brain
>> it became a riddle because of my feeble
brain. Well, it's like if you live in
some timeless dimension or something,
you're trying to describe that to
somebody like the words literally will
fail on you as well. So, what did Bones
say about religion when you asked?
>> Uh, well, I got the impression that we
were um he mentioned that the that we
are part of the same creation. In other
words, we're part of the same fabric of
existence
>> as the aliens.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> Yeah. We're all we're all part of it. Um
he didn't necessarily say they have a
soul but he said that that um he he
implied we had a soul. He said that
there were two int there were two
creations intelligent and
non-intelligent and like plants were
part of the non-intelligent and we and
them were part of the intelligent
creation and that if you have
intelligence then you have
>> what I interpreted when when I heard it
was a soul. Now, he might have meant
something else, but this internal agency
or internal knowing
>> that I think that that's probably a
better way of knowing it. And I think I
ascribe because at the time I was
religious. I I had a religious belief,
so to speak. Um, so I think I pushed
soul into that that round hole. Yeah.
Um, now that I look back on it, it it
didn't necessarily mean soul, but it
meant a sort of a a self- agency, a
self-awareness.
>> Did you ever ask any questions about
yourself, like how was I genetically
manipulated or why or Okay.
>> I um if I did, I don't remember it
because I I didn't get an answer, I
don't think, because I I don't remember
anything like that.
>> Did you ever ask them how long they've
been visiting humanity?
>> Yes. Um I I tried to address that
several times. Um my impression was that
they've been here for a very long time.
>> Um
>> and that they've they've intersected
with humanity at different times. And he
did mention also that um it became much
more difficult once our civilization had
advanced because it was the the levels
of communication between civilizations
and stuff. it was harder to keep um
their um autonomy or their their
distance so to speak from when they
wanted the distance. It was harder to do
that when other societies were talking
about each other. This was my
impression. They didn't exactly say it
that way, but
>> that's what I I got the impression of.
>> Did they talk about any sort of
interbreeding between humans and aliens?
>> I got the impression that they had
interbreeded before um experimentally. I
I'm not that doesn't necessarily mean
that it was still or that we still have
the results of that so to speak on
Earth, but um he they he did mention
that um they had experimented with that
in the past.
>> Did you ask are you the only alien race?
Are there others?
>> Yeah. Um thank you for reminding me of
that. Uh yes. Um
he said there were a lot like
um I got the impression that it was a
silly question like like of course there
there's there's more speed this entire
universe
>> and you think we're the only two. Yeah.
>> So I I got that impression.
>> Did you ask if they have genders, you
know, and their race or their lifespans
were?
>> Um they do have female and male. They
have a a different um they don't they
don't procreate exactly like we do.
>> Um
but they do have a a dual a dual sex
type of um situation. And um
and yes, they he said they do eliminate
waste. Um and I I sensed a little bit of
a humor with that.
>> Yeah. Which was funny because here's two
different species and you talk about
waste and you get humor.
>> Yeah. In both cases, which is that's
fascinating. Yeah.
>> And but I never felt I never felt a a
sense of like um doubled over laughing
type of but I could sense that it was a
a lighter topic like the
>> Oh, interesting.
>> Yeah. Uh um when you when you talk about
like missiles or or you know you get an
imagery of missiles or something like
that, it has a it has a a certain um
framework or emotion to it. And then
when you talk about stuff like that, it
has a different framework or emotion to
it. So yeah, I sense humor.
>> It's funny. I just interviewed this uh
whistleblower named Charles Hall who
claimed to live with Paul White aliens
while stationed at Area 51 for 2 and 1/2
years. And he claims that they
>> lived with them.
>> Lived with them.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. And he Yeah. Like like
interactions across, you know, you know,
days at a time over in a two and a half
year period where he interacts with
family groups, you know, the some of the
kids and the father and the and he has
names for them. He calls one of them a
good friend. It's he calls one the
teacher. He calls one um something
hairy. He has It's wild. Um and but he
says that the UFOs have bathrooms on
them.
>> In the back of that craft was a
restroom.
In the back of all the cra all those
people are extra or real physical
biological entities.
>> They all have to eat. They all have to
breathe air, drink water, and they all
have to periodically go to the restroom.
So, I don't know. Um, well, I mean, it
stands to reason. I mean, we're
organisms and organisms have to
eliminate. So,
>> yeah.
>> Speaking of UFOs, did you ask about
their mode of travel at all?
>> Yeah, the um it had to do with
electromagnetic energy and and time. M
>> um
uh I think the I can't even remember
what it's called now. The
where that
there's a scientist that came up with
this concept of of um um pulling the
ship as opposed to pushing the ship.
>> Yeah, sure. The aluber
drive. Yeah. Over the years after my
communication, I I came to think that
that was a very very close proximity to
what he was talking.
>> You're surfing kind of a space time
wave.
>> Yeah. You you create a void in front of
you and you fall into that void and you
keep creating the void.
>> Yes. Bob Lazar also says similar stuff
to that.
>> Yeah. I really think that was what he
was what what they were trying to I I
mean they never really got into details
but they used um
a a manipulation of electromagnetic
energy probably something that we don't
really understand at this point.
>> Did did they have anything to say about
the nature of human beings or what what
we are?
>> He always referred to us as water
vessels or water beings, water humans.
Um, there was always a water aspect of
it and I think it's because they were
probably not as they aren't made up as
as of a much of as much water as we are.
>> That's what I gather.
>> I guess we are like 80% water.
>> Water's conductive and
>> yeah. So it it was just an interesting I
mean it wasn't something that we focused
on. It was just in in reference he would
say that's that's how he referred to as
humans.
>> Water beans.
>> Water beings. It's fascinating. Did you
get into Project Preserve Destiny and
whether it was a You didn't ask them any
questions.
>> I did, but I never really got any
answers on any of that.
>> Did you ask whether it was international
or just
>> Well, yeah, we did um he did say that it
was more than one country.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. that that was
>> um maybe not necessarily involved with
PPD but but but that was involved with
their involvement with Earth so to
speak.
>> Did you get receive any messages about
alien abductions or alien activity?
>> Well, that was okay. So towards the end
of my my stay with this project, I
started to receive stuff that indicated
that it was um uh abductions. And that's
where I started to feel
um like an accessory, you know,
accessory to the crime, so to speak. And
who knows whether that was a crime or
not. I mean, I don't know. I don't know
in retrospect. I don't know whether they
were abducting for
humanitarian reasons. Who knows, you
know, to maybe maybe
>> upgrade our consciousness.
>> Yeah. Yeah. or increase our ability to
um know about the body and and and work
with it and heal it. And there could be
so many different reasons why, but why
surreptitiously? Why not tell the the
public about what's going on?
>> So, at the time, and of course, I was
>> going through a stage of my life too
also where I didn't want to be isolated
anymore. I was in a prime
>> age where you know, you're dating. And
>> how old are you? Um, when I got out I
was uh around that time I was uh 30.
>> Yeah,
>> around 30.
>> It's definitely the prime of your life.
Well, I believe you asked the first
captain that briefed you on everything
at the NSA complex,
>> why is this whole thing being kept
secret and he talked about economic
destabilization and things like that.
>> But I think, you know, I think he was
paring what he was told. I I don't think
he I don't think he had any agency in
that answer.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Felt like he was.
>> Yeah. And and it's the same answer that
everybody has that the reason why we're
not being told anything is because
>> religion will, you know, be upset.
>> I think that's I mean, I think
we live in a pretty in effect atheist
materialist world or whatever, right?
Well, there would be a certain faction
of people that would blow their mind if
if if it actually came out truthwise.
>> I think it would reinforce religion in
many ways. But
>> that's will create maybe others. Who
knows? But yeah, it would be it would
definitely do a be a shock to the system
if nothing else.
>> Absolutely.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> But that doesn't mean that it shouldn't
be done. I mean
>> Yeah.
>> But but anyway, I think his what he was
saying to me was just it was it was just
Pat answer. Did you get like kind of a
map of what was going on alien abduction
wise or see any visually or anything?
>> Um, so the the the reason why I thought
it was abductions is because of the the
the um fields so to speak that I was
reporting, you know, the information. Um
they would report like uh potentiality
for recall and and um pain levels and
and
um just different um things that would I
would have to report a number
in back of. So that indicated that it
was some sort of it could be bad or good
based on the numbers. So a pain level
could be good or bad. So,
>> so it's almost like you were reporting
on abductions, like somebody's pain
level after having experienced an
abduction. That's fascinating.
>> So, you were like the the like readout
debrief guy or whatever without even
maybe knowing it sort of unwittingly.
>> Yeah. And but this is up until that
point I had thought or I had assumed
that the information that I was
conveying was all training. It was all
just stuff, you know, that was um
testing my ability to communicate. And
then when the that started, it shifted
my head like, well, we're not testing
this anymore. I mean, obviously I can I
can communicate a few numbers and and a
word. So, you're you're actually using
me as an operational asset to
communicate stuff. and why you would
need to do that. I that was another
thing is but but
I don't want to be I don't want to be um
it's one thing to train me to do
something or you know to in a training
environment and nobody's getting hurt or
you know nothing's nothing nefarious um
other than the fact that you're keeping
this from the world but other than that
set that aside um but now I I see that I
am part of something that may be
nefarious now Maybe not, but maybe. And
then so I brought that up to my my
captain and
he didn't give me satisfactory answers.
He said, "Look, I I'm just your
communicator here. I'm just your
contact. I'm I'm not I'm not in a
position to um say it's okay, Dan. You
know, you know, no, that's not
happening. I don't know. I don't even
know what you're communicating." So, how
am I I don't know what to do here. So,
and then when I got to the point where I
said, I want to get out, that's when he
became an important catalyst for my
getting out because he said,
>> um, I honestly don't think you're going
to be able to get out. Like, even when
your list is up, you're going to have to
stay in.
>> So, but was that the thing that gave you
moral qualms about what you do? I mean,
it is fascinating. you were kind of like
reporting on abductions for the aliens
maybe like they were probably, you know,
getting receiving signals from you about
or reports from where the abductions
were occurring. And then simultaneously,
presumably, you have some gray human
faction of, you know, the proverbial
deep state or whatever
militaryindustrial complex coordinating
on where the alien abductions are
occurring, levels of pain people are
feeling. That's that's amazing.
>> Yeah. And and I I honestly could not I I
couldn't be a part of it. I I I mean, I
felt morally um
um compromised.
>> Yeah. because I didn't have any choice.
There was no agency in this, you know.
So, it's one thing. It's like um you
know when you're told to go out and kill
an enemy. Well, you have agency. You can
say, "No, I'm not going to do that." And
you can court marshall me. You can do
whatever you need to do, but I'm not
going to do that. Well, I didn't have
that other than what I did was try to
get out. I didn't have that option. I
didn't have anybody to say, "No, stop
communicating with me. I don't want to
do that. And I actually did in my
communications. I tried to ask about it
and say, "Are these abductions?" And I
would never get an answer. It was like
the stonewalling. And
that's what led me to get all angry
about it. It's so interesting, too, cuz
in UFO alien lore, you have around 1954,
there's this like really important point
where, this is again mythology. I don't
have a ton of corroboration for this
other than I think the fact that
Eisenhower was actually in Palm Springs
at the time, claimed to have a dentist
appointment. And then the the uh sort of
story is that that was cover for a
meeting he had at Edwards Air Force
Base.
>> Mhm. And it was a meeting with aliens
where he basically agreed, you know, for
basically like favor and military
matters uh to uh give up part of the,
you know, American population for
medical testing, you know, when it came
to the alien presence. And so that
really does sound like what you're
talking about maybe outside of the dates
being, you know, early 1960s versus
>> I I often wondered, well, how did they
how did they get this information to
people that needed to get it before
>> before the IC's were doing this? I was
doing it at least. So I but but um it
may be it may have been a test, you
know, to test my um resolve to to
>> you know, they kind of
>> kind of poke on the little bit of is he
going to is he going to report anything
that we tell him?
>> Yeah.
>> You know, dead dead numbers. Is he going
to report stuff that is immorally just
way immoral? Is he gonna have problems
with anything?
>> Yeah.
>> And I had a evidently had a problem. So,
>> have you ever been abducted by an alien?
>> I have never been abducted. I mean, to
my knowledge anyway.
>> To your knowledge.
>> You've never found an implant or
anything sort of bizarre like that?
>> No, I have not.
>> Have you had synchronicities in your
life that you feel like led to your
involvement in Project Preserve Destiny?
Um,
well, you know, it's hard to it's hard
to have some sort of concrete evidence,
but I I remember when I was in
second grade, I was playing on a garage
roof and [snorts] we were there was a
walnut tree next to the roof and we were
leaning out on the branches and um one
of the branches snapped and I fell and I
fell like 25 ft. It was really, really
high and I fell on my back directly on
my back and I remember feeling
a sense of warmth. I I did I didn't feel
the impact, but I don't I don't think I
felt it as much as you would.
>> No, you normally
>> That would be severely debilitating. And
I and I it made me cry and I got up, but
I felt this warmth over me and I I I I
thought that maybe I was bleeding or,
you know, the the trauma of the I mean,
you don't think of
>> you don't think of a lot of things when
you're second grade, but but in my
memory, I did not hit that ground the
way I should have hit it.
>> Mhm.
>> Given it was 25 ft up.
>> And who knows? I mean there there could
have been some sort of um
um watching over so to speak of of my
personhood.
>> Um and of course the SR71 pilot he
really encouraged me to go in the Air
Force
>> and um
um
I have this uh in my the update of my
book which I did in 2008 or something
like that. I have this ability to hear a
certain
and it's not necessarily hearing but
it's through my ear. It's like a wave
that comes through my my head and it's
sensed in my eardrum and and I think
I've correlated it to seismic activity.
>> I think I'm highly sensitive to seismic
activity.
>> Interesting.
>> And I correlated it before I got into
the program.
>> You sense earthquakes. Well, I can't
sense an earthquake itself, but I can
sense I think what is happening to a
precursor of an earthquake or maybe
after an earthquake.
>> You have like premonitions.
>> Well, it's not No, not a premonition.
It's because premonition is more of a
>> idea thought, but this is an actual
physical thing that happens. And and
it's like um I don't know if anybody
else has this ability, but when like
when a electronic item comes on a TV or
um anything that's really highly
electronic, I can I can sense when it's
come on.
>> You can Yeah.
>> Whoa.
>> And like if if some if I'm in the in a
different room and somebody has the the
TV down, like the TV screen down,
>> um I can sense when it's come on. So
you're hyper sensitive to
electromagnetis.
>> Oh, definitely. So
>> So interesting.
>> So the I think I've correlated the the
earthquake thing and it's not a onetoone
correlation. It's very tenuous and
etheral, you know, because sometimes
I'll send stuff and sometimes I won't.
>> Well, I think you put some examples in
your book around your blog where you
predict accurately certain earthquakes
based on sensations. And and the only
reason I did it, I I had a blog um back
in the early 2000s and I put on there
that I don't usually say stuff because
my blog was about entrepreneurial stuff
and things like that, but I I did put in
there. I said, I don't usually bring
this topic into my blog, but I really
have to put this somewhere because I
need it uh to be logged. And I said, I'm
really I have this way or thing in my
ear where I can sense electromagnetic
energy or what I think is
electromagnetic energy. And so
I'm I woke up that I I don't know if I
woke up, but I had I had lost ear
hearing in one of my ears for like 3
days. It was really really intense. This
cuz usually I just feel it going through
my head. there's a really minor time of
like maybe five seconds that I can't
hear and then it goes away. But this one
I I was like deaf in one ear for like 3
days. It was ridiculous. I couldn't I I
didn't know what was going on. But then
I correlated I was like, "Well, there's
got to be some there's got to be some
correlation to something earthquake
wise." So I put in my blog I said, "Now
I'm thinking that this might be within
the next couple weeks. It could be the
next couple months, but it's it's
impending. This this it's got to be some
seismic activity. So, um there was like
two 7.5 earthquakes back to back in
Japan
>> and some people commented on my blog
saying, "Oh, is that it?" You know, and
it was only like a week or so after my
thing. And I was like, you know, I guess
it could be, but I don't think it is. I
think there's something way bigger than
that. I this is not cuz cuz I've I've
gone through 7.5 earthquakes around the
world, you know, before. I never had
that happen. So I was like, no, I think
it's something else. So that was in
September of 03, I believe it was. And
in December is when the the um the
Indonesian earthquake happened
>> and you know, 250,000 people died of
waves and all that stuff.
>> And well, no, it was four. It was it was
because I updated my book in 2006 and I
updated it with that information. So
anyway,
>> okay.
>> Um but it was it was huge. I mean
whether that was just coincidence and
and I got that sensation, you know, that
that amount of time before the
earthquake. Who knows?
>> And I haven't got anything like that be
since and there's been really really big
earthquakes. So okay,
>> now I I will get I will get it like
periodically like
three times
>> and usually is there earthquake after
you get it?
>> I would I would say um a lot of the
times but not all the time which is
reason why I'm so I'm so unclear on it
because so
>> if it were a onetoone type of thing then
I'd be like yeah that's definitely it.
>> Well it's fascinating if you could map
out the correlation more. I I I think
maybe the more interesting thing is most
people can't sense when a TV is turned
on in their room next to them. I mean,
that's really unique.
>> Yeah, it's it's um I can definitely
sense and and it actually has a lot to
do Well, the the modern TVs, not so
much, but the tube TVs, those are the
ones that I could really
>> Do you think if if somebody did a study
on you and you were like in a Faraday
cage or like in not even Faraday cage
because that will block out the
electromagnetic signals. So maybe that's
a bit [laughter]
say somebody did an experiment on you.
>> I would love to do that. Yeah.
>> You were in a room. Somebody was in
another room next door. They shared a
wall. You know that they have an old TV
in that room and they're turning on the
TV. Do you think you'd be able to
>> I honestly I think I could.
>> I I mean I've never done it before, but
And this is very anecdotal because I I
could I I sensed it when when I was a
kid. I would always know when the TV was
on because when my dad would cuz we had
an older TV and and the sound wouldn't
come on with it.
>> It would it would be one of those tube
TVs, you know, the big tubes in the
back. It was big magnabox and um but I I
could be in a different room and I would
know that when the TV came on because
the sound wouldn't come up initially. It
would just TV would come on it and warm
up.
>> Very old. And so yeah, I just I I have a
very I'm very sensitive to things like
that. I'm also sensitive to it's very
interesting. Um and this is a fairly new
correlation although I've always had it
probably but with the advent of a lot of
videos being shared of people hurting
themselves.
>> Yeah. when somebody when I when I watch
a video of like, you know, these these
videos where you'll have a whole montage
of people falling and and crashing into
a wall,
>> crashing their bike and, you know, all
these things falling falling on their
porch.
>> It's like Rob Deer deck show or whatever
of like
>> I can't watch those because when I when
when the impact happens,
>> I feel it in my [clears throat] body. My
entire body does a shot when when I look
at that
>> and and it's the I think it has to do
with the empathic
>> Yeah.
>> nature of me seeing a visual like that.
>> It I I honestly cannot I mean I'll watch
a couple of them and then I'll go no I
can't do that.
>> So you're you're hyper sensitive.
>> Very very sensitive. Very sensitive to
smell, hearing. All my all my senses are
very very very heightened. Like it
drives it drives my girlfriend crazy.
>> I can smell somebody smoking in the car
in front of me on the highway.
>> Whoa.
>> So interesting.
>> I mean a lot of people can smell smoke
too, but but they can it's very very
very very heightened.
>> Well, it's you know there are different
forms of sensing and we obviously have
the the five senses
but you know that like the platypus can
sense electric fields for example. Now
you have lots of examples like that, you
know,
>> so it's not impossible.
>> Yeah. Or it's like why why, you know,
maybe there's genetic mutations and
maybe you were literally genetically
manipulated by aliens in the womb to be
able to sense certain things and other
could have ancillary
um crossovers in other in other areas of
the brain.
>> Well, that would make sense. Yeah. That
it wouldn't be an isolated thing.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Babies also have, you know,
they're hyper sensitive. They also have
synesthesia up until 6 months. And
there's a space psychologist who works
with a lot of astronauts and she calls
herself a cognitive engineer. Her name
is Dr. Ia Whitley and she's trying to
train babies to retain their synthesia
for longer because she thinks that
comports with alien communication.
It's It's really interesting.
>> Very interesting.
>> Yeah.
>> Your job is really interesting.
>> I love it. It's so fun, man. That's so
interesting. I mean, I get to talk to
people like you and learn about all this
crazy stuff. It's so cool.
>> Y
>> um has anything Well, actually, we
should talk about like the increased
sort of bitterness towards this. So,
you're in the prime of your life. You're
30 years old. You know that you have all
this opportunity cost. You're probably
have no romantic life. Your social life
is probably kind of shot. And then you
talk to your captain about wanting out.
And what does he say? And how
>> Yeah. He said he he suggested he didn't
say it like you know you will not but he
said I don't honestly given your
position I don't think they're going to
allow you to get out period
>> never mind the fact you want to get out
now
>> I had about two or three years left of
my investment and I decided to just make
an inr run and and try to get out um
because I just didn't want to be a part
of it anymore and and I think if they
said if I had become more embraced,
>> part of a community, you know, part of a
mission.
>> Yeah.
>> Those are different. You your your human
mind approaches that differently that if
you're just isolated and in a box and
nobody wants to talk to you and you're
just a tool.
>> Yep.
it it it's harder it's harder to keep
that that motivation and that the the
Superman
um
the Superman uh uh aspect of this, you
know, cuz when you're first told this,
you think, "Oh, I'm I'm a little bit of
a superhero here, you know, I'm really
special and all that." That only goes so
far and so long and and then you start
to that starts to become no longer a
novelty. It's just it's a drudgery. And
then when I get this information about
the about the um abductions that it just
took on a new level and I just didn't
want to be a part of it anymore.
>> So, how'd you get out?
>> At the time, the don't ask don't tell
policy was in place and um
and I I was bisexual at the time and uh
less so now, but at the time I was. And
so I
admitted I said I wrote a letter to my
commander and I said and this was the
the commander that was not in charge of
me from the project perspective project
preserved destiny. It was my just my
regular chain of command my black and
and then unclassified level. uh that
chain of command got a letter and I said
I'm admitting homosexuality and
whatever you want to do with that but I
don't want to be I don't want to be in
in conflict with the policy of you know
no homosexuals in the military and so
just want to let you know I want to be
honest and then that's the paperwork
started and discharge and the whole nine
yards.
>> Wow. So the chain of command was crucial
there because if if the chain of command
for project preserve destiny had their
way and they had final say on that then
I would not have gotten out. They would
have just tossed the letter and and but
I I purposely went through another chain
of command who did not have the option
of doing something like that.
>> Were you relieved on the other side of
of this or
>> Oh yeah, definitely. I I was way happier
that I didn't have to participate in
that anymore. Um, do I have regrets?
Yeah, of course. I mean, I I I regret
not being able to continue serving my
time because I'm kind of a, you know,
I'm a patriotic guy and I love my
country and and I I felt that was a
little bit of a
um
a stab in the back of the country. But
on the other flip side of that, they
were stabbing me in the back, too. Oh,
yeah. Or at least a certain faction of
the of my chain of command. So, it was
it was something that I had to tussle
with mentally. But
>> well, you served and they can't hold you
captive. So,
>> yeah. [laughter] Yeah. Exactly. So, and
and I wasn't going to be held captive,
that's for sure.
>> And an alien intuitive communication
program, nonetheless. You know, it's not
a
>> garden variety like, you know, just
being deployed. Um, Dan, did you
experience any backlash after telling
this story? I mean, it's kind of a a
bombshell claim. The NSA is notorious
for knowing everything about everybody
per Ed Snowden's revelations.
>> Yeah, that's true. Um, you know, I do
have one story. Um,
this was about maybe
two years after the book came out,
something like that, maybe a little
less. and I was working in an office and
uh Howard Stern show called
>> okay
>> on my cell phone and um
they the producer one of the producers
was just trying to find a story to you
know bring on the the show and so he was
asking me some questions and and so I
got off the phone and I hung up the
phone and I I was like wow Wow, Howard
Stern. That's an interesting interesting
little venue for talking about aliens.
Okay. And then not I'd say
maybe a minute went by and I got another
call on my cell phone and and the person
on the other end of the line said, "Drop
the story. Don't go on the Sahara Stern
and stop talking about it."
>> No way.
>> And then just hung up.
>> No way. was only about a minute after
the the call
>> and you didn't go in Howard Stern.
>> No. And and well, they never called
back. Howard Stern never called back.
So, I don't
>> Maybe they got the same call.
>> Well, I don't know. I don't know whether
it was just wasn't worth it for them to
do it or they got a call or I don't
know.
>> But you got a call from a random number
that wasn't in your phone.
>> Well, this was flip phone. Probably
didn't even have the number.
>> You weren't even saving numbers at that
point.
>> That's wild.
>> And what did it sound threatening? No,
it just it just sounded very direct to
the point and I think it was just a
they've been monitoring the situation
with my story
>> and and they know that
if if they put attention to it, the
government says,
>> you know, they arrest me, let's say they
arrest me and and put me up on charges,
>> um they're validating the story,
>> right? So it it's almost like it's
better to not just leave him alone and
be among you know one amongst the
stigmata and and the alien
>> that nobody knows how to differentiate.
Exactly. That's the trouble I have with
some of these things. It's like
>> and especially on YouTube sometimes it's
like a it it always has this quacky
veneer. It's self-concealing. It's
self-stigmatizing. And people don't have
the discernment. They bucket it in with
the stigmata stuff. And I'm like, "No, I
think this is kind of real." Like this
is like a very different, you know,
variety of
>> That is the problem with the the whole
>> the whole topic. The whole topic.
>> Yeah.
>> Cuz you don't know what to what to take
serious and what to not take serious.
>> You really don't.
>> Do you think that the NSA or Powers That
Be know that this interview is
happening? It obviously hasn't been
released. Do you think somebody's
tracking us doing this? I think I've
been off the grid so long that that I
probably have not I don't have an Asian
attached
>> story. I don't think but slipped through
the cracks. Who knows? Who knows? Yeah.
Yeah. Well, to anybody listening,
>> I'll let you know if I get a call. Okay.
>> I'll do the same. Yeah. Yeah. Hopefully
we neither of us get dropped the story
right after this took this whole trip.
>> Has anything you know, after having left
this program for many years now, you're
out for, you know, three decades. I
imagine you go to these UFO conferences,
you've written your book, and people
come out of the woodwork. And so, have
you met anybody who said, "I was also a
part of Project Preserve Destiny," or
anything like that?
>> I've I've I've had people mention to me
that they met somebody who confirmed
that it existed,
>> but nobody that was actually in the
program. No, I I have not had anybody
contact me. Do you know uh have you
heard of this guy named Noah? I could be
pronouncing his last name incorrectly.
Radec. Noah. Radc.
>> Well, how do you spell the last name?
>> H R A D E K.
>> Oh no.
>> So he put out a Freedom of Information
Act around Project Preserve Destiny,
probably inspired by your story, to the
Air Force and wanted to know if it was
real. And the Air Force uh said, "That's
an NSA project." forwarded it to the NSA
and then the NSA said, "We can't comment
on the existence or non-existence of
such a project."
>> Standard answer.
>> Standard answer if you're admitting that
it exists. Basically, the modern
hermeneutic reading on that is this is a
real project.
>> Mhm.
>> I want to emphasize just how important
this point of discussion is. While at
first the Air Force denied the existence
of Project Preserve Destiny to this
independent researcher Noah Radc, they
followed up later saying this, and I
quote, "Good afternoon. This letter is
in final response to your 27th of July,
2023 Freedom of Information Act request
for requesting information on Project
Preserve Destiny.
We apologize in the delay in responding.
After a careful review of your request,
we have determined that the information
you are seeking falls under the purview
of the NSA. Therefore, our office has
referred your request to the NSA for
their processing and direct response to
you. Why would the Air Force tell RADC
that this program fell under the purview
of the NSA if the program didn't exist?
And it's remarkable that his request to
begin with didn't even mention Dan
Sherman. It independently corroborates
that Project Preserve Destiny existed
under the NSA. Then, not only could the
NSA not confirm or deny the existence of
Project Preserve Destiny, they cited
Executive Order 13526 [music]
around projects classified in the
interest of National Defense. To quote
their exact response, "This agency has
determined that the fact of the
existence or non-existence [music]
of the material you request is a
currently improperly classified matter
in accordance with Executive Order
13526.
Thus, your request is denied."
So, yes, on the one hand, the NSA is
caveing their entire response with the
existence or non-existence of Project
Preserve Destiny. They're basically
giving themselves an out on the program
even existing. But why would the
non-existence of Project Preserve
Destiny cause the NSA to invoke
Executive Order 13526, which only
involves classified programs dealing
with national defense? Why would they
cite this specific executive order in
response to a foyer request around
Project Preserve Destiny? To me, the Air
Force rerouting the foyer request to the
NSA actually feels like more of a
smoking gun on the program's existence.
The NSA's response could be interpreted
as a standard runaround or non-answer,
but I'll let my hardcore researcher
friends weigh in here.
Perhaps what's even harder to argue with
than coded language from the government
is this certificate granted to Sherman
by the NSA for satisfactory completion
of the EA280 intermediate electronics
intelligence collection and analysis
course. Again, this was for the daytime
course Sherman attended at the NSA
complex, doing normal electronics
intelligence [music] training, not his
very classified Project Preserve Destiny
work he would do at night, but it really
helped substantiate his presence [music]
with the NSA when he claimed to be
working with them. A fantastic
researcher named Richard Geldridge did
even more digging on Dan Sherman with an
ancestry.com search. The results showed
that Sherman likely in fact lived in
Omaha, Nebraska between 1993 and 1994
around 15 to 20 minutes from Offet Air
Force Base [music] in Nebraska where he
said he was stationed. Could this be
Project Preserve Destiny Base 2? It
certainly fits his description.
And so I don't know if you you know that
that happened.
>> Um it sounds familiar. It sounds like
somebody told maybe you told me in in
some of the communications we've had.
I've heard some something about it.
>> I don't think I did.
>> No, I heard somebody say something about
it somewhere. you know, when you're when
you're in my position, you hear so many
people talk about so many different
things and it's it just it becomes just
a a conglomeration of of information
that just goes through my head and I and
it doesn't help that my personal
interests don't really lie in this area.
>> Yeah. No, no, I think that's cool
though. It's like probably good. It's
also to me it's a good signal that you
reacted the way you did just now. Um
because I think if somebody were like
cared a lot about like you know arguing
for his case, they'd be like they'd have
like a kind of like an encyclopedic like
cannon of like corroborating evidence
and you're like yeah cool. Like I I know
what I went through so it doesn't really
matter to me.
>> I think that's a big deal as a
researcher and you're like whatever.
>> I had a I had more of an interest in
aliens before I knew there were aliens
>> really
>> than I do now.
>> Why?
>> I think it's the mystery of it. The
mystery is what people are attracted to,
>> right?
>> Um I mean obviously, you know, we want
to know the truth and everything, but
>> um but I know the truth.
>> So you you feel like you've gotten
confirmation.
>> Yeah. So my mystery the kind of the
myster uh the um the mystery aspect of
it has vanished.
>> Have you tried to develop your
communications and speak?
>> Oh, I've tried before. And after leaving
Preserve Destiny, have you have you been
successful and spoken?
>> Nothing. Nothing's there. It's like it's
like it was closed off.
>> Have you tried to recreate any of the
training with the tones or anything like
that or
>> No, I I think they used um some sort of
equipment that was designed for that.
>> That was sort of this special
proprietary thing that they figured out.
And
>> it's so interesting. Yeah. I also think
of the NSA's involvement with this
stuff, the modern, you know, the the
kind of UFO research group that is, you
know, very in the know right now as far
as the the official like the modern
project blue book, if you will.
>> Um, it's called Arrow, the all domain
anomalies resolution office. Okay.
>> And the current uh head of that, it was
a former NSA director. I don't think he
was like the director, but he was like a
director level or whatever. Um, so I
find that his name is John Kazowski. So
I find that interesting as well. It's
like why would you put that guy? You
know, maybe there is some NSA overlap
because there aren't too many stories
connected with the NSA and the alien
stuff, but you would assume, you know,
if the alien stuff is real, which
obviously I believe it is, the NSA has
to have a lot of entanglement with it.
>> Yeah. Um, you know, there's so many
different connections because I was
assigned to
Um, well, let's just say in general,
>> yeah,
>> I was assigned to the space command
>> and and during some of my tenure in the
Air Force and and uh they have they have
many connections to so NSA has many
connections to many different
um bands.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> They're not just NSA and that's it. And
you know, they have
>> they have connections everywhere.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I won't ask
more. [laughter]
We brushed up against classified stuff.
There's a guy named Scott Andrews. Have
you heard that name? He when he was 36
years, he has, I guess, um, a biography
coming out this or next year. Uh, that's
very anticipated.
>> When he was 36 years old, he started
experiencing headaches and migraines and
kind of destabilizing dizziness, some
kind of Havana syndrome style effects.
Yeah. And he said uh that his father he
he started to you know wonder why he was
feeling like this. Like it was almost
like his identity was breaking down. And
then he approached his father who had a
file on him. Uh, and he started to
realize that as a as a child, uh, I
think in in like, you know, elementary
and middle school, he was taken out of
class and he was taken to, uh, space
command to the an Air Force base with a
space command center and was doing kind
of intuitive communications with aliens.
So, it definitely sort of comports with
your with your story. What's his name
again?
>> Scott Andrews.
>> And did did he how did you find out
about this?
>> It's all over Twitter.
>> Oh, okay.
>> Yeah. And did he write a book or did he
just read?
>> I think he's written a book and I think
it's coming out at some point in the
next year or so. So
>> interesting. Yeah.
>> How old is he?
>> I don't know how old he is now. So yeah,
I mean I think that might even be a
pseudonym. I don't know.
>> I I I hope he uh he goes more public,
but that's interesting. Yeah, it's very
anticipated like this story.
>> Well, it could be it could be um an
offshoot of what I went through. maybe
>> another, you know, cuz they I'm I'm
pretty sure that PBD has been shut down.
Okay.
>> In in its current or what I saw in
current form.
>> Yeah.
>> And and perhaps gone onto other things
because, you know, things don't happen.
>> They don't last forever. They they get
>> they morph into something else and then
that morphs into something else.
>> Well, do you ever think you're part of
like a reserve group where you'll get
called back into duty?
If the if the cataclysmic thing ever
happens, I would assume that that would
be the case there.
>> So, this is one of the most fascinating
things about your whole story is just
recently this year uh in less espresso
some Italian like weekly. Uh there came
out a story that references uh Project
Preserve Destiny and it comes out of
nowhere and this could be chocked up to
some sort of weird like amalgamation of
UFO lore like your story being you know
an important one but it goes into a
level of detail that you like you don't
go into. So it's like what do the
authors of this periodical know about
this project? They say this and this is
a translation. There are not only duties
in Donald Trump's new agenda. Behind the
scenes in Washington, there's a much
darker dossier, the one on UFOs. And
according to confidential sources,
something very concrete is already
moving. It's called Project Preserve
Destiny. And it's much more than just a
study program of so-called UAPs,
unidentified anomalous phenomena. Behind
this name, evocative and disturbing,
hides an institutional waltz round that
risks redrawing the balance between the
Pentagon and the White House. And then
it goes on to describe that project as
Project Preserve Destiny. And it's like,
how does this Italian weekly know about
your project?
>> That is very interesting.
>> This is maybe the strangest modern
curveball in Sherman's whole story. In
July of 2025, an Italian outlet called
Le Espresso published an article which
discusses Project Preserve [music]
Destiny and Trump's White House's
involvement with it. This magazine is
kind [music] of like The Atlantic or
Rolling Stones dramatic Italian cousin.
It has a long history of serious
political journalism, but it's not shy
about flirting with speculation and
theatrical flare. It's a serious outlet,
but we're not talking about The
Economist here. Still, when they drop a
story about [music] Trump taking control
of black budget alien programs, you
don't dismiss it as trashy tabloid
nonsense. The article claims that
Project Preserve Destiny is not only
real, but that Trump's inner circle has
been in closed door meetings with
Pentagon officials, and they've decided
to move certain special access programs
or SAPS out of Pentagon oversight and
directly [music] into the White House.
projects like Project Preserve Destiny.
According to the article's anonymous
sources, Trump sees the UFO issue as a
kind of wild card, a chance to brand
himself as the president who finally
tells Americans the truth about aliens,
[music] an opportunity I personally
think he shouldn't pass up. The article
goes on to describe six levels of
secrecy. Programs within programs.
Exactly what Sherman describes in his
book, a black budget cover mission
deeply compartmentalized, [music]
insulated from oversight by other
branches of government, but above it, a
gray program core above black, dealing
with the alien issue. If you want to
dive deeper into this mysterious Trump
connection [music]
and what Project Preserve Destiny might
actually mean for UFO disclosure, check
out our Substack, American Alchemy
Magazine. I'm linking it in the
description below. But now back to this
crazy interview.
>> It's It's fascinating.
>> You know, I I will say that out of all
the presidents that have been uh re read
into, you know, black projects and gray
projects, Yeah. I would imagine this is
the one that would uh upend the the
apple cart as much as he possibly could.
And it might also be why he has not been
read into it too. I I think there are
certain presidents that the the status
quo within the the government
>> control centers
>> that have decided not to read in a
certain president and then other other
ones they have
>> um
and I don't know what the criteria of
that would be.
>> Well, you would assume somebody like a
George HW Bush who was director of the
CIA would be like of a different variety
maybe than Jimmy Carter. But they also
might do it in in um just in certain
times when they actually need to do it.
If they don't need to do it, then they
don't do it.
>> So it who knows I mean who knows how it
segs with the White House. And
>> uh is the first uh Project Preserve
Destiny base that you were at San Vido
Normani
>> in s southern Italy?
>> That is one of the bases that I was
stationed at.
>> Okay. Well, thank you for saying that. I
figured that was that was the one that
was shut down. So we did a little we did
a little searching from the images that
you you know
>> there haven't been any other bases that
have been shut down
>> that I was at.
>> There might have been but the overseas
car researcher where's the researcher?
>> You you talk about the the white the
white golden the actually you talk about
an elephant cage which one of these
large you know antennas and that exists
there and talk about it being 50 people
and it was a smaller base and so we we
figured it out.
>> All right here's where things get
interesting. After reading Dan's book,
Above Black, I kept thinking about that
elephant cage [music] at the first base
Dan was stationed at for Project
Preserve Destiny. The so-called elephant
cage was basically just a large
structure which surrounded a huge
antenna or receiver, and we now know
this base was San Vito de Normy Air
Station in Italy. In fact, here's a
photo of it in his book, Above Black. I
did some research and it turns out this
massive antenna was designed to pick up
highfrequency waves. Offit base in
Nebraska also has highfrequency wave
antennas [music] and low frequency wave
antennas. Were these antennas and the
signals they received somehow very
important for the signals that Dan
himself was trying [music] to decode for
the NSA? Were these satellites somehow
aiding in his telepathic downloads? Did
noise cancellation technologies,
possibly working with the NSA in
Maryland, provide some muchneeded
technological assistance in filtering
out the non-alien frequencies from these
[music] transmissions? Who knows? But we
do know that the CIA was experimenting
as early as the 60s under Dr. Andre
Puharic with extra low or ultra low or
sometimes called very low frequencies
for telepathic alien communication.
Puharaj's work sort of met a tragic dead
end. He was doing all sorts of crazy
In fact, he had a whole team of
intuitive communicators he called the
space kids who would constantly channel
aliens. Puharaj's work came to a
standstill, but many have speculated
that it was developed and is still
ongoing today. So, who knows? The entire
electromagnetic wave spectrum is very,
very large. Is there some slice of it
that involves alien signals? alien
signals being received on these bases
that Dan Sherman was then able to parse
and download with his mind.
[laughter] And then what I you know I
this Italian periodical writing about
project preserve destiny there has to be
some sort of connection there.
>> There is that's very interesting. I mean
it's years apart but yeah.
>> Do you think the Vatican knows about
this project?
>> I don't know. I don't know if they they
would have a need to know about the
project. Who knows?
>> Yeah.
>> I don't know.
>> What do you uh hope for the rest of your
life? What what do what do you are you
just do you just want to have like a
normal life from here and you know?
>> Well, I mean I I hope for the country
that or the world really that we find um
we
find the truth whatever that is. And God
knows you know today's society the truth
is whatever is being fed to you at that
moment. Sure. We we don't know what the
truth is. Um but
it is my hope that we find out the
actual truth behind our involvement with
alien species in this in this world in
our world history. Um
I but I honestly don't think it'll ever
happen.
>> Yeah.
>> I honestly do not I mean the whole truth
we may get we may get certain things
that come out
>> like this. You know, the the NASA just
recently announced that they found some
sort of life on Mars.
>> Amazing. Yeah.
>> And or or evidence of previous life.
>> Yes.
>> And and even that is amazing. You know,
so but it's things like that that we
might find or we might find that aliens
have been here a long time ago but are
no longer with us. You know, we may find
these little things. Well, NASA was also
just determined to be a spy agency by
Trump. And so, you have to think with
some of these little announcements.
Like, there was already a meteor
meteorite in the '90s that, you know,
Clinton came out with ALH 84001
that had polyit cyclic hydrocarbons on
it or whatever. And so, there there's
already this belief and we know that
Mars had a biosphere. And so if there
are projects that exist like yours in
the at the NSA where you're
systematically communicating with
aliens, this has to be some sort of slow
drip disclosure like, oh, we found a
little thing with some organic compounds
on it or whatever, you know, that has to
be coordinated.
>> Yeah. Well,
my that's just my hope. Um, and I I'm
after this podcast, I'm probably just
going to go right back into my hole.
[laughter]
I've already had, you know, since um
there was a a book review that just
happened on YouTube just a couple days
ago that it came across. I have an a
Google alert for my name and you know so
whenever somebody mentions my name it
comes up and that came up
>> and uh so it's two people talking about
the book and and um
>> just recently there has been a lot of
chatter about my book and I don't know
what kind of generated it and but it's
probably what led you to it to
communicate with me.
>> Well, I've been into it for for for
years now. What do you think about where
the UFO like disclosure stuff is now?
Like are you tracking any of the modern
UFO whistleblowers like David Grush?
>> I'm not doing anything. Okay. I I answer
a Twitter every once in a while like
you.
>> Yeah.
>> And that's about it. And one person
posted a picture of me, a bad picture of
me.
>> And so I I replied to him. I said, "This
is a better picture."
It was a military picture. um to the
extent that my name comes up every once
in a while, I'll go look at it and I'll
maybe comment on it if I have a comment.
>> Um but I can tell you it's ramped up.
That's for darn sure. I mean, it's it's
way more prevalent now. And again, I
think it's because of social media. I
mean, people
>> people like to talk now and
>> and whatever the topic is, they want to
talk about it. And so that's just a good
fodder for talk. Has this experience
opened your mind to new modalities of
physics and communicate? Like, does it
make you think that what we think we
know in the received wisdom that were
taught in schools is extremely limited?
>> Oh, I don't know. Um, I've always been
interested in in advancements and stuff
like that. So when I do see an
advancement or I see um like that UAP
thing that just with the rocket I don't
know you familiar with that with the
hellfire missile. Yeah. That Eric Brent
was saying just showed in front of
Congress.
>> Yeah. I I have a I have an intellectual
curiosity about it but I don't
necessarily correlate it with my
experience. Um,
only because I I've there's just been so
much so much over the years that
>> that people say, "Well, does that
correlate with what you do? Does that
correlate with I have no idea. Like, I
don't know.
>> I have no idea. I have as much idea
about it as you do."
>> Did um did Steven Greer ever reach out
to you? I
>> I've I've talked with him, I think, a
couple times over the years. Um
>> because he has a whole cadre of like
whistleblowers from
>> Isn't he the one that he's the one that
started that that project disclosure I
think.
>> Yeah. Disclosure project. Yeah.
>> That's what I was trying to get.
>> Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. That Yeah.
>> So they've been reaching out to you.
>> They have. Okay.
>> Not Steven Greer himself, but somebody
else now. Steven Greer. I think him and
I talked a long time ago.
>> Okay.
>> Um but there's somebody else that's
reaching out now that is talking about
testimony and stuff. So
>> Okay. and he is in the position to get
whistleblower uh immunity and all that.
So,
>> okay,
>> it's like somebody from the government
or on the outside
>> working with the government. Okay.
>> Somebody on the outside but working with
the government to get to the right
people to give the right kind of
immunity so that people can feel free to
to say what they want to say.
>> Would you testify before Congress? I go
you'd go under oath.
>> Oh, definitely. But but um I would do it
but it's not going to for me anyway for
my project so long ago
>> don't think it's going to really reveal
a lot of information
>> but if you were called to go like in a
couple weeks you'd go
>> I would get I would give any information
that I have.
>> Well that's awesome and I think it's a
again for the audience to hear that
level of confidence.
>> Yeah. I mean, I there's nothing if if
they give me the immunity necessary so I
can talk about and not worry about
talking about the stuff that I, you
know, worked on and silly to the Gray
Project.
>> There's no reason not to. I mean, be
>> open book. Ask me anything.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Under threat of
perjury.
>> Yeah. Exactly.
>> Yeah. Well, this is the most nonchalant
conversation I've ever had about alien
telepathic communication. [laughter]
How shalant can it get?
>> Well, a lot there's a lot of drama and
you know it's a lot of like bluster
often with with these sorts of stories
and it's it's refreshing to just hear
like uh you know these are the facts.
But uh it's been an honor to to speak
with you. I I really appreciate you
coming out here and means a lot.
>> It's been fun.
>> Yeah. What do you think? My final
question. Bones and Spock um what do you
think they wanted with humanity? Do you
think they had any sort of intentions
for humanity at large?
>> Um, well, I think they were soldiers. I
mean, not not military, but like they
were
>> underlings.
>> Yeah. Yeah. They were just doing their
job, so to speak. But um I I didn't ever
get a sense of um any type of
uh
anger or any type of um
not being gentle towards us, you know,
having nefarious motives or anything
like that. And so when I do see
Hollywood project, you know, that aliens
are just, you know, they're they're out
to get us or whatever, I don't really
see that that's the case. I mean,
imagine s being so advanced that you
could coexist with another species and
them not know of your existence.
Totally. I mean, other than the ones
that you want them to know your
existence
>> and and be nefarious towards us, there's
no reason to be nefarious towards us. Um
>> or to put it differently, we'd be dead
already. Yeah,
>> they were. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So, I think that they just want
the best for our society and maybe
that's why they haven't revealed
themselves because the whole Star Trek
uh mantra of, you know, don't don't
interfere in other people's other
societies or
>> or you know, um uh because you you
interject into their society something
that would not have been there
naturally. M
>> so you're you're basically an enemy of
that whatever that ecosystem is because
it's not natural.
>> So maybe they're thinking like that.
Maybe they want to not be as
um interfering as as uh you well you
don't want to be as inferior as you
could be if you didn't have the um u
control. You know they they control
things. So they're going to interfere to
the extent that they want to interfere.
Yeah.
>> And they haven't they haven't chosen to
interfere more than they have. So
>> Well, speaking of Star Trek, it's like
the prime directive. Minimal minimal
interference with pre-warp drive
civilization.
>> Yeah, exactly. So that's what I was
saying.
>> Maybe your names were apt and bones.
[laughter]
>> Exactly. There's a little bit of a
circle there, right? Um, yeah. So, I
don't think they have any um any
bad feelings or bad intentions towards
us.
>> Well, I'm excited to see where all this
goes. I am maybe slightly more
optimistic than you. I think we'll never
get the full I think like, you know, the
quote unquote disclosure moment people
think of in their heads is actually just
the start of an infinite number of
further questions. say you were shown a
saucer and a hanger at Area 51, that
would be like millions of more trippy
questions where you'd be like, "Okay,
how does it fly? Where did it come
from?" You know, um, so I think it's
this neverending sort of bottomless
soup, but I do think we're going to get
more incontrovertible
evidence over the next, you know, couple
of decades we've gotten prior to that.
>> Yeah. I mean, it's inevitable to at some
point other things are going to come
out. I mean, you can't really keep stuff
like that hidden forever. It's just not
it's not practical.
>> Um, but to the extent that we do get
information, it's going to be it's going
to be a fun time. That's for sure.
>> I agree. Well, cheers to that. And Dan,
thank you so much for
>> Thank you.
>> taking the time. It really means a lot.
And I know you really never do this. So
the fact that you responded to me means
so much and and entrusted me with this.
Uh and uh yeah, I think uh people will
be really amazed at the the story, but
also how you tell the story and how just
kind of non non plused in a refreshing
way you are. [laughter]
>> Thank you. Thank you.
>> Yeah. Want to thank your uh your crew
here. They're a good crew.
>> Oh, well yeah, they're great. Agreed.
I want to thank Dan Sherman for his time
here and to you, the audience, for
making it to the end. Again, if you want
a deeper dive on Project Preserve
Destiny, check out our Substack,
American Alchemy Magazine. I'm linking
that in the description. And if you want
to see this story get the airtime and
attention it deserves, please spread it
far and wide. Spread it to people who
can take action on its implications.
Until next time, I'm Jesse Michaels and
this is American Alchemy.